---
title: ELIS eDigest TEST
permalink: /resources/read/e-digest/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
image: /images/ELIS_e_Digest_6_040123_page_0001.jpg
third_nav_title: Read
---
<p>&lt;div&gt;</p><p>&lt;p&gt;</p><p>&lt;img style="width:75%" src="/images/ELIS_e_Digest_6_040123_page_0001.jpg"&gt;</p><p>&lt;/p&gt;&lt;center&gt;&lt;a href="/files/edigest6.pdf"&gt;&lt;b&gt;ELIS e–Digest Issue 6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/a&gt;</p><p>&lt;p&gt;</p><p>In this issue, ‘Active Learning with Educational Technology’, you will listen to and read about teachers who use educational technology to enhance teaching and learning. Learn how to design blended learning experiences and leverage technology to promote active student learning. Explore SLS resources that support English Language, Literature in English and General Paper learning.</p><p>&lt;/center&gt;</p><p>&lt;/div&gt;</p><p>&lt;div&gt;</p><p>&lt;p&gt;</p><p>&lt;img style="width:75%" src="<a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://elis.moe.edu.sg/images/edigest517jul.jpg</a>"&gt;</p><p>&lt;/p&gt;&lt;center&gt;&lt;a href="<a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://elis.moe.edu.sg/files/e-digest-issue-5.pdf"&gt;&lt;b&gt;ELIS</a> e–Digest Issue 5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/a&gt;</p><p>&lt;p&gt;</p><p>In this issue, ‘Teacher as Inquirer: Impacting Student Learning’, you will listen to and read about teachers who undertake classroom inquiry. They inquire into their pedagogical practices and consider ways to improve the quality of their teaching decisions so as to enhance student motivation and learning. You will also find out what classroom inquiry involves, why classroom inquiry is of value to teachers and students, and how to design and carry out classroom inquiry.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>&lt;/center&gt;</p><p>&lt;/div&gt;</p><p>&lt;div&gt;</p><p>&lt;p&gt;</p><p>&lt;img style="width:75%" src="<a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://elis.moe.edu.sg/images/digest4.png</a>"&gt;</p><p>&lt;/p&gt;&lt;center&gt;&lt;a href="<a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://elis.moe.edu.sg/files/edigest4-19jul.pdf"&gt;&lt;b&gt;ELIS</a> e–Digest Issue 4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/a&gt;</p><p>&lt;p&gt;</p><p>The focus of this issue, 'Learning by Inquiring', is on how teachers can promote active student learning by engaging students in Inquiry-Based Learning (IBL). Read on to find out how students can learn by inquiring as they engage in dialogic talk, apply metacognitive learner strategies and find answers to their own questions.</p><p>&lt;/center&gt;</p><p>&lt;/div&gt;</p><p>&lt;div&gt;</p><p>&lt;p&gt;</p><p>&lt;img style="width:75%" src="<a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://elis.moe.edu.sg/images/elis-e-digest-social-media-poster-(issue-3).png</a>"&gt;</p><p>&lt;/p&gt;&lt;center&gt;&lt;a href="<a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://elis.moe.edu.sg/files/edigest3-19jul.pdf"&gt;&lt;b&gt;ELIS</a> e–Digest Issue 3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/a&gt;</p><p>&lt;p&gt;</p><p>In this issue, ‘Making Writing and Representing Meaningful', you can learn about creating meaningful writing and representing experiences for students and how to engage them as writers.&nbsp; Explore the classroom practices and resources featured in this issue, which aim at helping students develop learner strategies for writing and representing.</p><p>&lt;/center&gt;</p><p>&lt;/div&gt;</p><p>&lt;div&gt;</p><p>&lt;p&gt;</p><p>&lt;img style="width:75%" src="<a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://elis.moe.edu.sg/images/elis-e-digest-social-media-poster-(issue-2)a.png</a>"&gt;</p><p>&lt;/p&gt;&lt;center&gt;&lt;a href="<a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://elis.moe.edu.sg/files/edigest2-19jul.pdf"&gt;&lt;b&gt;ELIS</a> e–Digest Issue 2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/a&gt;</p><p>&lt;p&gt;</p><p>In this issue, ‘Learning about our Learners’, you will learn about what it means to place learners at the heart of the teaching, learning and assessment process.&nbsp; Explore the classroom practices and resources featured in this issue to enable you to respond to variations in your students’ readiness, interests and learning profiles.</p><p>&lt;/center&gt;</p><p>&lt;/div&gt;</p><p>&lt;div&gt;</p><p>&lt;p&gt;</p><p>&lt;img style="width:75%" src="<a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://elis.moe.edu.sg/images/elis-e-digest-social-media-poster-(issue-1).png</a>"&gt;</p><p>&lt;/p&gt;&lt;center&gt;&lt;a href=" "&gt;&lt;b&gt;ELIS e–Digest Inaugural Issue&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/a&gt;</p><p>&lt;p&gt;</p><p>In this issue, ‘Let’s Talk about Talk’, you will learn about the what, why and how of classroom talk.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can listen to the views of Mr Wong Siew Hoong, Director-General of Education, on the value of talk. You can also find out about the classroom practices which encourage students to participate in exploratory talk.</p><p>&nbsp;</p><p>&lt;/center&gt;</p><p>&lt;/div&gt;</p><p>&lt;div class="isomer-image-wrapper"&gt;&lt;img src="/images/elis-e-digest-social-media-posters.png" width="100%" height="auto" style="width:75%"&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;p&gt;Your feedback is valuable to us.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;Please click &lt;a target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" href="<a rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://go.gov.sg/elisedigestfeedback"&gt;here&lt;/a&gt;</a> to provide your feedback on the ELIS e-Digest.&lt;/p&gt;</p>