---
title: Research Summaries
permalink: /elis/resources/read/research-summaries/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Read
---
The ELIS Research Team produces short summaries of books, journal articles, dissertations and other research reports that might be useful to teachers and researchers. This helps readers sort quickly through areas of interest, finding material that they can then follow up on in order to check the details.

Unfortunately, copyright regulations mean that we are unable to provide the original material. We suggest that, if you should find any summary particularly interesting, you may want to follow up on the original text.

Click&nbsp;[here](/files/Read@Academy%20-%20Online%20Resource%20User%20Guide%202020.pdf)&nbsp;for Read@Academy’s Online Resources User Guide to find their step-by-step guide for accessing their e-resources.  

The summaries are sorted under the headings below and you can click on an individual heading to see a full list of summaries under that heading.

<ul class="jekyllcodex_accordion">
&nbsp;&nbsp;<li>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<input type="checkbox" id="accordion1">
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<label for="accordion1">Assessment</label>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<div>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<p>1.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/assessment/assessing-student-writing-on-tablets/">Assessing student writing on tablets</a><br>
    Davis, L. L., Orr, A., Kong, X., &amp; Lin, C.-H. (2015). Assessing student writing on tablets.&nbsp;_Educational Assessment, 20_(3), 180-198.<br>
2.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/assessment/classroom-monitoring-in-english-language-learning/">Classroom monitoring in English Language Learning</a><br>
    Towndrow, P. A. (2016). A reconsideration of the instructional affordances of classroom monitoring in English Language Learning.&nbsp;_RELC Journal, 47_(2), 127-143. doi:10.1177/0033688216649087<br>
3. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/assessment/assessing-communicative-competence/">Communicative competence in oral language assessment.</a><br>
    Oliver, R., Haig, Y., &amp; Rochecouste, J. (2005).&nbsp;_Language and Education, 19_(3), 212-222. doi: 10.1080/09500780508668675.<br>
4.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/assessment/creating-a-context-for-growth-focussed-assessment/">Creating a context for growth-focussed assessment.</a><br>Barnes, N., &amp; Fives, H. (2016). Creating a context for growth-focussed assessment.&nbsp;_Middle School Journal, 47_(5), 30-37. doi:10.1080/00940771.2016.1226638<br>
5.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/assessment/developing-pupils-success-criteria-in-reading/">Developing pupils’ success criteria in reading</a><br>Read, A., &amp; Hurford, D. (2010). ‘I know how to read longer novels’– developing pupils' success criteria in the classroom.&nbsp;_Education 3–13__,&nbsp;38_(1), 87-100.<br>
6.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/assessment/developing-school-practice-in-preparing-students/">Developing school practice in preparing students for high-stake examinations in English and Mathematics</a><br>Flitcroft, D., Woods, K., &amp; Putwain, D. (2017). Developing school practice in preparing students for high-stake examinations in English and Mathematics.&nbsp;_Educational &amp; Child Psychology, 34_(3), 7-19.<br>
7.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/assessment/developing-writing-pedagogy-in-learning-community/">Developing writing pedagogy in a teacher professional learning community</a><br>Pella, S. (2011). A situative perspective on developing writing pedagogy in a teacher professional learning community.&nbsp;_Teacher Education Quarterly, 38,_&nbsp;107-125.<br>
8.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/assessment/feedback-to-writing-assessment/">Feedback to writing, assessment for teaching and learning and student progress</a><br>Parr, J. M., &amp; Timperley, H. S. (2010). Feedback to writing, assessment for teaching and learning and student progress.&nbsp;_Assessing Writing_,&nbsp;_15_(2), 68-85.<br>
9.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/assessment/improving-the-effectiveness-of-peer-feedback/">Improving the effectiveness of peer feedback for learning</a><br>Gielen, S., Peeters, E., Dochy, F., Onghena, P., &amp; Struyven, K. (2010). Improving the effectiveness of peer feedback for learning.&nbsp;_Learning and Instruction, 20_(4), 304-315.<br>
10.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/assessment/innovating-singapore-english-language-curriculum/">Innovating the Singapore English language curriculum through lesson study</a><br>Tan-Chia, L., Fang, Y., &amp; Ang, P. C. (2013). Innovating the Singapore English language curriculum through lesson study.&nbsp;_International Journal for Lesson and Learning Studies, 2_(3), 256-280.<br>
11.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/assessment/instructional-rubrics/">Instructional rubrics</a><br>Sundeen, T. H. (2014). Instructional rubrics: Effects of presentation options on writing quality.&nbsp;_Assessing Writing_, 21, 74-88. doi: 10.1016/j.asw.2014.03.003<br>
12.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/assessment/peer-and-teacher-feedback-on-student-writing/">Peer and teacher feedback on student writing</a><br>Peterson, S. S., &amp; Portier, C. (2014). Grade one peer and teacher feedback on student writing.&nbsp;_Education 3-13, 42_(3), 237-257. doi: 10.1080/03004279.2012.670256<br>
13.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/assessment/praise-and-criticism-in-written-feedback/">Praise and criticism in written feedback</a><br> F., &amp; Hyland, K. (2001). Sugaring the pill: Praise and criticism in written feedback.&nbsp;_Journal of Second Language Writing, 10_(3), 185-212.<br>
14.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/assessment/putting-rubrics-to-the-test/">Putting rubrics to the test: The effect of a model, criteria generation, and rubric-referenced self-assessment on elementary school students' writing.</a><br>Andrade, H. L., Du, Y., &amp; Wang, X. (2008).&nbsp;_Educational Measurement: Issues and Practice, 27_(2), 3-13.<br>
15.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/assessment/reflexive-writers">Reflexive writers</a><br>Ryan, M. (2014). Reflexive writers: Re-thinking writing development and assessment in schools.&nbsp;_Assessing Writing, 22,_&nbsp;60-74.<br>
16.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/assessment/standardized-achievement-tests/">Standardized achievement tests and English language learners</a><br>Abedi, J. (2002). Standardized achievement tests and English language learners: Psychometrics issues.&nbsp;_Educational Assessment_, 8(3), 231-257.<br>
17.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/assessment/students-perceptions-of-self-assessment-ability/">Students’ and teachers’ perceptions of students’ self-assessment ability</a><br>Wong, H. M. (2014). I can assess myself: Singaporean primary students' and teachers' perceptions of students' self-assessment ability.&nbsp;_Education 3-13,_&nbsp;1-16.<br>
18.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/assessment/oracy-in-university-assessment-tasks/">Talking the talk: Oracy demands in first year university assessment tasks.</a><br>Doherty, C., Kettle, M., May, L., &amp; Caukill, E. (2011).&nbsp;_Assessment in Education: Principles, Policy &amp; Practice, 18_(1), 27-39. doi: 10.1080/0969594X.2010.498775<br>
19.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/assessment/teacher-expectations-and-academic-outcomes/">Teacher expectations and academic outcomes</a><br>Rubie‐Davies, C., Hattie, J., &amp; Hamilton, R. (2006). Expecting the best for students: Teacher expectations and academic outcomes.&nbsp;_British Journal of Educational Psychology, 76_(3), 429-444.<br>
20.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/assessment/teacher-feedback-and-student-revisions/">Teacher feedback and student revisions</a><br>Silver, R., &amp; Lee, S. (2007). What does it take to make a change.&nbsp;_English Teaching: Practice and Critique,_&nbsp;6(1), 25-49. Retrieved from http://education.waikato.ac.nz/resources/files/etpc/2007v6n1art.pdf<br>
21.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/assessment/teachers-expectations-and-classroom-interactions/">Teachers’ expectations and classroom interactions</a><br>Rubie‐Davies, C. M. (2007). Classroom interactions: Exploring the practices of high- and low-expectation teachers.&nbsp;_British Journal of Educational Psychology, 77_(2), 289-306.<br>
22.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/assessment/washback-effect-from-examinations/">Washback effect from examinations: What can the teacher do?</a><br>Spratt, M. (2005). Washback and the classroom: The implications for teaching and learning of studies of washback from exams.&nbsp;_Language Teaching Research, 9_(1), pp. 5-29.<br>
23.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/assessment/writing-with-peer-response-using-genre-knowledge/">Writing with peer response using different types of genre knowledge</a><br>Hoogeveen, M., &amp; van Gelderen, A. (2016). Writing with peer response using different types of genre knowledge: Effects on linguistic features and revisions of sixth-grade writers.&nbsp;_The Journal of Educational Research,_&nbsp;1-15. doi: 10.1080/0220671.2016.1190913</p>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</div>
</li>
<li>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<input type="checkbox" id="accordion2">
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<label for="accordion2">Grammar</label>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<div>
		 &nbsp;<p>1.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/grammar/gendered-differences-in-language/">A study of gender and language in teenage personal weblogs in Singapore&nbsp;(Master's thesis)</a><br>
    Chionh, J. P. F. (2008). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
2. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/grammar/academic-conversations/">Academic conversations: Classroom talk that fosters critical thinking and content understandings.</a><br> Zweirs, J., &amp; Crawford, M. (2011). Portland, Maine: Stenhouse Publishers.<br>       
3.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/grammar/beliefs-knowledge-and-practices-of-grammar-pedagogy/">Beliefs, knowledge and practices of grammar pedagogy: A case study of specialist teachers at the Dyslexia Association of Singapore&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br>Lin, V. L. C. (2011). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br> 
4.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/grammar/benefits-and-concerns-of-lesson-study/">Benefits and concerns of lesson study</a><br>Lee, J. F. K. (2008). A Hong Kong case of lesson study—Benefits and concerns.&nbsp;_Teaching and Teacher Education_, 24(5), 1115-1124.<br> 
5. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/grammar/building-literacy-communities-of-practice/">Building literacy communities of practice across subject disciplines in secondary schools.</a><br>Wright, N. (2007).&nbsp;_Language and Education, 21_(5), 420-433.<br>
6.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/grammar/disciplinary-literacies-functional-language-analysis/">Disciplinary literacies across content areas: Supporting secondary reading through functional language analysis.</a><br> Fang, Z., &amp; Schleppegrell, M. J. (2010).&nbsp;_Journal of Adolescent &amp; Adult Literacy, 53_(7), 587-597. doi: 10.1598/JAAL.53.7.6<br>
7.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/grammar/english-language-teachers-beliefs-about-grammar/">English language teachers’ beliefs about the teaching of grammar</a><br>Farrell, T. S., &amp; Lim, P. C. P. (2005). Conceptions of grammar teaching: A case study of teachers’ beliefs and classroom practices.&nbsp;_TESL-EJ, 9_(2), 1-13.<br>
8. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/grammar/critical-language-awareness-among-business-students/">Is there a place for critical language awareness in the teaching of Business English to polytechnic students in Singapore?(Master's thesis).</a><br>Kan, H. K. (2010). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
9. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/grammar/learning-from-a-learning-study/">Learning from a Learning Study</a><br>Adamson, B., &amp; Walker, E. (2011).&nbsp;_Messy collaboration: Learning from a Learning Study. Teaching and Teacher Education, 27(1)_, 29-36.<br>doi:&nbsp;http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.tate.2010.06.024<br> 
10. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/grammar/learning-study-as-an-approach-to-teacher-development/">Learning study as an approach to teacher development</a><br>Siu, I. Y. M. (2008). Learning study as an approach to teacher development in two primary schools. The Asia-Pacific Education Researcher, 17(1), 99–108.<br>   
11. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/grammar/perspectives-on-spoken-grammar">Perspectives on spoken grammar</a><br>Goh, C. (2009).&nbsp;_English Language Teachers Journal, 63_(4), 303-312.<br>
12. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/grammar/school-discourse/">School Discourse</a><br>Christie, F., &amp; Derewianka, B. (2010). London: Continuum.<br> 
13.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/grammar/teaching-n-testing-grammar-in-english-primary-school/">Teaching grammar and testing grammar in the English primary school</a><br>Safford, K. (2016). Teaching grammar and testing grammar in the English primary school: the impact on teachers and their teaching of the grammar element of the statutory test in spelling, punctuation and grammar (SPaG).&nbsp;_Changing English, 23_(1), 3-21. doi:10.1080/1358684X.2015.1133766<br>
14. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/grammar/impact-of-embedded-grammar-teaching/">The impact of embedded grammar teaching on students’ writing and students’ metalinguistic understanding</a><br>Myhill, D. A., Jones, S. M., Lines, H., &amp; Watson, A. (2012). Re-thinking grammar: The impact of embedded grammar teaching on students’ writing and students’ metalinguistic understanding.&nbsp;&nbsp;_Research Papers in Education, 27_(2), 139-166. doi:10.1080/02671522.2011.637640<br>
15.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/grammar/the-role-of-dialogic-pedagogy-in-teaching-grammar/">The role of dialogic pedagogy in teaching grammar</a><br>Jones, P., &amp; Chen, H. (2016). The role of dialogic pedagogy in teaching grammar.&nbsp;_Research Papers in Education, 31_(1), 45-69. doi:10.1080/02671522.2016.1106695<br>
16. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/grammar/short-long-term-effect-explicit-grammar-instruction/">The short-and long-term effect of explicit grammar instruction on fifth graders’ writing</a><br> Feng, S., &amp; Powers, K. (2005). The short- and long-term effect of explicit grammar instruction on fifth graders’ writing.&nbsp;_Reading Improvement,_&nbsp;42(2), 67-72.<br>
17.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/grammar/the-syntactic-influences-on-the-learning-of-english/">The syntactic influences of Chinese and Malay on the learning of English in Singapore</a><br> Tan, C. (2005). English or Singlish? The syntactic influences of Chinese and Malay on the learning of English in Singapore.&nbsp;_Journal of Language and Learning,_&nbsp;3(1), 156-179.<br>
18. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/grammar/using-contextual-clue-effectively-in-cloze-procedure/">The use of contextual clues in cloze procedures by Primary Six pupils in Singapore&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br>Oo, L. K. C. (2005). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
19. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/grammar/corpus-based-material-as-a-teaching-resource/">Using corpus-based materials as a teaching resource for the teaching of prepositions in a Singapore primary school(Master's thesis)</a><br>Ang, M. L. (2007). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/</p>
	 </div>
</li>
<li>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<input type="checkbox" id="accordion3">
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<label for="accordion3">ICT</label>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<div>
	<p>1. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/ict/case-study-of-designing-technology-enhanced-learning/">A case study of designing technology-enhanced learning in an elementary school in Singapore</a><br>Tay, L. Y., Melwan, M., Ong, J. L., &amp; Ng, K. R. (2017). A case study of designing technology-enhanced learning in an elementary school in Singapore.&nbsp;_Learning: Research and Practice, 3_(2), 98-113. doi:10.1080/23735082.2017.1350737<br>
2. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/ict/analysis-of-student-usage-vis-a-vis-access-to-technology/">A regression analysis of elementary students’ ICT usage vis-à-vis access to technology in Singapore</a><br>Tay, L. Y., Nair, S. S., &amp; Lim, C. P. (2017). A regression analysis of elementary students’ ICT usage vis-à-vis access to technology in Singapore.&nbsp;_Educational Media International, 54_(1), 34-47. doi:10.1080/09523987.2017.1324362<br>
3.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/ict/assessing-student-writing-on-tablets/">Assessing student writing on tablets</a><br> Davis, L. L., Orr, A., Kong, X., &amp; Lin, C.-H. (2015). Assessing student writing on tablets.&nbsp;_Educational Assessment, 20_(3), 180-198.<br>
4. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/ict/literacy-and-multimodal-texts/">Charting a Pathway: Embedding ICT and New Literacies into the Curriculum.</a><br> Zammit, K. (2011). In C. M. L. Ho, K. T. Anderson &amp; A. P. Leong (Eds.),&nbsp;_Transforming literacies and language: Multimodality and literacy in the new media age_&nbsp;(pp. 9-22). London: Continuum.<br>
5.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/ict/creative-tensions-in-teaching-new-texts-new-literacies/">Creative tensions in teaching new texts and new literacies</a><br>Matthewman, S., Blight, A., &amp; Davies, C. (2004). What does multimodality mean for English? Creative tensions in teaching new texts and new literacies.&nbsp;_Education, Communication &amp; Information,_&nbsp;4(1), 153-176.<br>   
6.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/ict/studying-the-impact-of-implementing-multimodal-literacy/">Design and implementation of a student-generated virtual museum in a language curriculum to enhance collaborative multimodal meaning-making.</a><br>Ho, C. M. L., Nelson, M. E., &amp; M-eller-Wittig, W. (2011).&nbsp;_Computers &amp; Education, 57_(1), 1083-1097.<br>
7. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/ict/digital-storytelling-as-powerful-tool-teacher-student/">Digital storytelling as a powerful technological tool for teacher and student engagement</a><br>Robin, B. R. (2008). Digital storytelling: A powerful technology tool for the 21st century classroom.&nbsp;_Theory into Practice_,&nbsp;_47_(3), 220-228.<br>   
8.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/ict/integrating-out-of-school-literacy-n-literacy-practices/">Exploring a social semiotic approach to multimodal composition in the classroom&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br>Lee, M. K. J. (2011). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
9.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/ict/growing-in-digital-technology/">Growing in digital technology</a><br>Towndrow, P., &amp; Fareed, W. (2015). Growing in digital maturity: students and their computers in an academic laptop programme in Singapore.&nbsp;_Asia Pacific Journal of Education, 35_(4), 438-452. doi: 10.1080/02188791.2013.876387<br>
10.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/ict/ict-integration-into-primary-school-english-mathematics/">ICT integration into primary school English and mathematics</a><br>Tay, L. Y., Lim, S. K., Lim, C. P., &amp; Koh, J. H. L. (2012). Pedagogical approaches for ICT integration into primary school English and mathematics: A Singapore case study.&nbsp;_Australasian Journal of Educational Technology,_&nbsp;28(4), 740-754.<br>
11. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/ict/impact-of-ict-learning-on-students-language-learning/">Impact of ICT-enriched learning environment on students’ language learning</a><br>  Tay, L. Y., Ng, J. S., Lim, C. P., Nair, S. S., &amp; Lim, S. K. (2013). English Language learning in a one-to-one computing environment – Impacts and considerations.&nbsp;_Research and Practice in Technology Enhanced Learning_,&nbsp;_8_(3),385－409.<br>
12.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/ict/information-literacy-skills-of-secondary-school-students/">Information literacy skills of secondary school students in Singapore</a><br>Foo, S., Majid, S., Azura Mokhtar, I., Zhang, X., Chang, Y. K., Luyt, B., &amp; Theng, Y. L. (2014). Information literacy skills of secondary school students in Singapore.&nbsp;_Aslib Journal of Information Management, 66_(1), 54-76.<br>
13.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/ict/cd-roms-in-english-language-teaching/">Interactivity in CD-ROMs for English language teaching and learning&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br>Sohan-Robert, J. (2002). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
14.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/ict/moblogging-in-science-classrooms/">Mobile blogging in primary science in Singapore: A linguistic perspective&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br>Lee, Q. Y. S. (2010). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
15. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/ict/new-literacies-in-two-singapore-classrooms/">Portraits of new literacies in two Singapore classrooms</a><br>Tan, L., Bopry, J., &amp; Guo, L. (2010). Portraits of new literacies in two Singapore classrooms.&nbsp;_RELC Journal, 41_(1), 5-17.<br>
16. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/ict/multimodal-construction/">Students' multimodal construction of the work-energy concept.</a><br>Tang, K.-S., Tan, S. C., &amp; Yeo, J. (2011).&nbsp;_International Journal of Science Education, 33_(13), 1775-1804. doi: 10.1080/09500693.2010.508899<br>
17.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/ICT/students-multimodal-construction-of-work-energy-concept/">Students' perceptions of integrating Wiki technology and peer feedback into English writing</a><br>Lin, W., &amp; Yang, S. C. (2011). Exploring students' perceptions of integrating Wiki technology and peer feedback into English writing courses.&nbsp;_English Teaching: Practice and Critique, 10_(2), 88-103.<br>
18.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/ict/talking-about-visual-texts-with-students/">Talking about visual texts with students</a><br>Callow, J. (2003). Talking about visual texts with students. Reading Online, 6(8), 1-16.<br>
19.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/ict/teaching-visual-texts-with-multimodal-analysis-software/">Teaching visual texts with multimodal analysis software</a><br> Lim Fei, V., O'Halloran, K. L., Tan, S., &amp; E, M. K. L. (2015). Teaching visual texts with the multimodal analysis software.&nbsp;_Educational Technology Research &amp; Development, 63_(6), 915-935. doi:10.1007/s11423-015-9395-4<br>
20. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/ict/ict-in-learning-task-design-and-implementation/">The generative use of ICT in the language arts: Strategies in learning task design and implementation.</a><br>De Souza, D. E., &amp; Towndrow, P. A. (2011). In C. M. L. Ho, K. T. Anderson &amp; A. P. Leong (Eds.),&nbsp;_Transforming literacies and language: Multimodality and literacy in the new media age_&nbsp;(pp. 23-48). London: Continuum.<br>
21.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/ict/role-of-exploratory-talk-in-classroom-search-engine-task/">The role of exploratory talk in classroom search engine tasks</a><br> Knight, S., &amp; Mercer, N. (2015). The role of exploratory talk in classroom search engine tasks.&nbsp;_Technology, Pedagogy and Education,_&nbsp;24(3), 303-309. doi: 10.1080/1475939X.2014.931884<br>
22.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/ict/the-use-of-blogs-for-writing-of-online-journals/">The use of blogs for writing of online journals</a><br>Nair, S. S., Tay, L. Y., &amp; Koh, J. L. (2013). Students' motivation and teachers' teaching practices towards the use of blogs for writing of online journals.&nbsp;_Educational Media International,_&nbsp;50(2), 108-119.<br>
23.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/ict/using-digital-texts-in-classrooms/">Using digital texts in classrooms</a><br> Honan, E. (2009). Fighting the rip: Using digital texts in classrooms.&nbsp;_English Teaching, 8_(3), 21-35.<br>
24.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/ict/multimedia-and-author-motivation-in-storytelling/">What now for language in a multimedia world?</a><br> Malinowski, D., &amp; Nelson, M. E. (2011). In C. M. L. Ho, K. T. Anderson, &amp; A. P. Leong (Eds.),&nbsp;_Transforming literacies and language: Multimodality and literacy in the new media age_&nbsp;(pp. 9-22). London: Continuum.<br>
25. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/ict/when-reading-meets-blogging/">When reading meets blogging</a><br>Lee, S. Y. (2015). Joining the ‘literacy club’: when reading meets blogging.&nbsp;_ELT Journal, 69_(4), 373-382.<br>
26. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/ict/young-children-engagement-with-digital-texts-literacies/">Young children’s engagement with digital texts and literacies in the home: Pressing matters for the teaching of English in the early years of schooling</a><br>Davidson, C. (2009). Young children's engagement with digital texts and literacies in the home: Pressing matters for the teaching of English in the early years of schooling.&nbsp;_English Teaching: Practice and Critique, 8_(3), 36-54.</p>
	 </div>
</li>
<li>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<input type="checkbox" id="accordion4">
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<label for="accordion4">Listening and Viewing</label>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<div>
	<p>1. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/listening-viewing/listening-process-second-language-learner/">A study of primary school learners' metacognitive awareness of second language listening comprehension&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br>Yusnita, M. T. (2003). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
2. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/listening-viewing/dialogic-discussion-in-classroom/">Closing the gap between concept and practice: Toward more dialogic discussion in the language arts classroom.</a><br>  Adler, M., Rougle, E., Kaiser, E., &amp; Caughlan, S. (2003).&nbsp;_Journal of Adolescent &amp; Adult Literacy, 47_(4), 312-322.<br>
3. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/listening-viewing/cooperativelearning-listeningcomprehension/">Cooperative learning and metacognitive awareness in listening comprehension&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br> Haridas, P. (2008). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
4.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/listening-and-viewing/community-inquiry-understanding-maths/">Developing communities of mathematical inquiry.</a><br>Alton-Lee, A., Hunter, R., Sinnema, C., &amp; Pulegatoa-Diggins, C. (2012).&nbsp;_Quality Teaching for Diverse (All) Learners in Schooling: Best Evidence Synthesis Iteration [BES]_. Wellington, New Zealand: Ministry of Education, New Zealand.<br>
5. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/listening-and-viewing/improving-perceptual-processing/">Discovery listening—improving perceptual processing</a><br>Wilson, M. (2003). Discovery listening—improving perceptual processing.&nbsp;_ELT journal,_&nbsp;57(4), 335-343.<br>
6.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/listening-and-viewing/adults-moving-from-oracy-to-literacy/">From oracy to literacy.</a><br> Sticht, T. G. (2003).&nbsp;_Literacy Today, 36_, 18.<br>
7.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/listening-and-viewing/identifying-quality-classroom-talk/">Identifying 'quality' in classroom talk: An enduring research task.</a><br>Westgate, D., &amp; Hughes, M. (1997).&nbsp;_Language and Education, 11_(2), 125-139. doi: 10.1080/09500789708666723.<br>
8.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/listening-viewing/young-learners-awareness-about-listening/">Insights into young learners' metacognitive awareness about listening</a><br> Goh, C. C. M., &amp; Kaur, K. (2013). Insights into young learners' metacognitive awareness about listening.&nbsp;_The European Journal of Applied Linguistics and TEFL,_&nbsp;2(1), 5-26.<br>
9.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/listening-viewing/investigating-language-learner-strategies/">Investigating language learner strategies</a><br>Gu, P. Y., Hu, G., &amp; Zhang, L. J. (2005). Investigating language learner strategies among lower primary school pupils in Singapore.&nbsp;_Language and Education,_&nbsp;19(4), 281-303.<br>
10. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/listening-viewing/investigating-predictors-of-lc/">Investigating Predictors of Listening Comprehension</a><br>  Tighe, E. L., Spencer, M., &amp; Schatschneider, C. (2015). Investigating predictors of listening comprehension in third-, seventh-, and tenth-grade students: A dominance analysis approach.&nbsp;_Reading Psychology, 36_(8), 700-740. doi:10.1080/02702711.2014.963270<br>
11. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/listening-viewing/learner-perception-of-lc-problems-language/">Learners' perceptions of listening comprehension problems and language</a><br> Hasan, A. S. (2000). Learners' perceptions of listening comprehension problems.&nbsp;_Language, Culture and Curriculum, 13_(2), 137-153. doi: 10.1080/07908310008666595<br>
12.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/listening-and-viewing/literacy-for-the-future/">Literacy for the future</a><br>Palmer, S. (2003).&nbsp;_Education Review, 16_(2), 70-74.<br>
13.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/listening-and-viewing/metacognitive-instruction-in-listening/">Metacognitive instruction in listening</a><br>  Goh, C., &amp; Taib, Y. (2006). Metacognitive instruction in listening for young learners.&nbsp;_ELT Journal,_&nbsp;60(3), 222-232.<br>
14. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/listening-and-viewing/motivation-requires-a-meaningful-task/">Motivation requires a meaningful task.</a><br>Frey, N., &amp; Fisher, D. (2010).&nbsp;_English Journal, 100_(1), 30-36.<br>
15.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/listening-and-viewing/oracy-and-language-learning/">Oracy: Social facets of language learning.</a><br>Saracho, O. N., &amp; Spodek, B. (2007).&nbsp;_Early Child Development and Care, 177_(6-7), 695-705. doi: 10.1080/03004430701377540<br>
16. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/listening-viewing/impact-of-classroom-practices-on-students/">Predicting Singapore students' achievement goals in their English study: Self-construal and classroom goal structure.</a><br>Luo, W., Hogan, D., &amp; Paris, S. G. (2011).&nbsp;_Learning and Individual Differences, 21_(5), 526-535.<br>
17. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/listening-and-viewing/reading-like-a-historian/">Reading like a historian: A document-based History curriculum intervention in urban high schools.</a><br>Reisman, A. (2012).&nbsp;_Cognition and Instruction, 30_(1), 86-112.<br> 
18.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/listening-viewing/awareness-of-listening-speaking-strategies/">Singaporean students’ awareness of listening and speaking strategies</a><br>Zhang, D., &amp; Goh, C. C. (2006). Strategy knowledge and perceived strategy use: Singaporean students’ awareness of listening and speaking strategies. Language Awareness, 15(3), 199-219.<br>
19.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/listening-viewing/pedagogical-practice-document-based-lesson/">The 'Document-Based Lesson': Bringing disciplinary inquiry into high school history classrooms with adolescent struggling readers.</a><br> Reisman, A. (2012).&nbsp;_Journal of Curriculum Studies, 44:_2, 233-264.<br>
20.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/listening-viewing/student-motivation-learning-in-singapore/">The role of self-efficacy, task value, and achievement goals in predicting learning strategies, task disengagement, peer relationship, and achievement outcome.</a><br> Liem, A. D., Lau, S., &amp; Nie, Y. (2008).&nbsp;_Contemporary Educational Psychology, 33_(4), 486-512.<br>
21. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/listening-viewing/using-argument-a-tool-for-science-literacy/">Using argument as tool for science literacy</a><br> Washburn, E., &amp; Cavagnetto, A. (2013). Using argument as a tool for integrating science and literacy. The Reading Teacher, 67(2), 127-136.</p>
	</div>
	</li>
	<li>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<input type="checkbox" id="accordion5">
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<label for="accordion5">Reading and Viewing</label>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<div>
	<p>1. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/disciplinary-literacy-struggling-learners/">Building a house on sand: Why disciplinary literacy is not sufficient to replace general strategies for adolescent learners who struggle.</a><br>Faggella-Luby, M. N., Graner, P. S., Deshler, D. D., &amp; Drew, S. V. (2012).&nbsp;_Topics in Language Disorders, 32_(1), 69-84.<br> 
2. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/reading-strategies-of-learners-of-english/">A cognitive perspective on Singaporean primary school pupils' use of reading strategies in learning to read English.</a><br>  Zhang, L. J., Gu, P. Y., &amp; Hu, G. (2008).&nbsp;_British Journal of Educational Psychology, 78_, 245-271.<br>
3. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/project-teaching-critical-reading-writing/">A project for teaching critical reading and writing</a><br>  Teo, P. (2014). Making the familiar strange and the strange familiar: a project for teaching critical reading and writing.&nbsp;_Language and Education, 28_(6), 539-551. doi:10.1080/09500782.2014.921191<br>
4.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/professional-development-of-teachers/">A qualitative study of six primary school English language teachers as they reflect on their teaching of reading&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br>Nandprasar, S. D. (2002). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
5. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/literacy-in-content-areas/">A social semiotics framework for conceptualizing content area literacies.</a><br>  Wilson, A. A., (2011).&nbsp;_Journal of Adolescent &amp; Adult Literacy, 54_(6), 435-444.<br>
6. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/evaluation-of-kidsread-programme-singapore/">An Evaluation of the KidsREAD Programme in Singapore</a><br>Curdt-Christiansen, X. L. (2009). Love of Reading: An Evaluation of the KidsREAD Programme in Singapore.&nbsp;_International Journal of Learning, 16_(9), 69-85.<br>
7. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/building-reading-culture-in-singapore-school/">Building a reading culture in a Singapore school</a><br> Loh, C. E. (2015). Building a reading culture in a Singapore school: Identifying spaces for change through a socio-spatial approach.&nbsp;_Changing English,_&nbsp;22(2), 209-221.<br>
8. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/challenge-faced-by-teachers-english-language/">Challenges faced by teachers of English language learners and limited English proficiency students</a><br>Khong, T. D. H., &amp; Saito, E. (2014). Challenges confronting teachers of English language learners.&nbsp;_Educational Review, 66_(2), 210-225.<br>
9. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/effective-feedback-for-student-revision/">Characteristics of teacher written feedback on student revision&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br> Lee, S. Y. S. (2003). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
10. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/impact-of-poverty-on-literacy-opportunities/">Children as researchers: What we can learn from them about the impact of poverty on literacy opportunities?</a><br>  Kellett, M. (2009).&nbsp;_International Journal of Inclusive Educational Leadership, 13_(4), 395-408. doi: 10.1080/10236240802106606.<br>
11. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/current-practice-extensive-reading-in-asia/">Current Practice of Extensive Reading in Asia: Teachers' Perceptions</a><br>Chang, A. C. S., &amp; Renandya, W. A. (2017). Current Practice of Extensive Reading in Asia: Teachers' Perceptions.&nbsp;_Reading Matrix: An International Online Journal, 17_(1), 40-58.<br>
12. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/developing-sustaining-reading-habit-teenager/">Developing and sustaining a reading habit among teenagers</a><br> Mansor, A. N., Rasul, M. S., Rauf, R. A. A., &amp; Koh, B. L. (2013) Developing and sustaining reading habit among teenagers.&nbsp;_The Asia-Pacific Education Researche_r,&nbsp;_22_(4), 357-365.<br>
13. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/developing-pupil-success-criteria-in-reading/">Developing pupils’ success criteria in reading</a><br>Read, A., &amp; Hurford, D. (2010). ‘I know how to read longer novels’– developing pupils' success criteria in the classroom.&nbsp;_Education 3–13__,&nbsp;38_(1), 87-100.<br>
14. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/digital-storytelling-as-tool-teacher-student/">Digital storytelling as a powerful technological tool for teacher and student engagement</a><br>  Robin, B. R. (2008). Digital storytelling: A powerful technology tool for the 21st century classroom.&nbsp;_Theory into Practice_,&nbsp;_47_(3), 220-228.<br>
15. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/functional-language-analysis/">Disciplinary literacies across content areas: Supporting secondary reading through functional language analysis.</a><br>Fang, Z., &amp; Schleppegrell, M. J. (2010).&nbsp;_Journal of Adolescent &amp; Adult Literacy, 53_(7), 587-597. doi: 10.1598/JAAL.53.7.6<br>
16. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/disciplinary-literacy-in-elementary-school/">Disciplinary Literacy in Elementary School</a><br>Shanahan, C., &amp; Shanahan, T. (2014). Does Disciplinary Literacy Have a Place in Elementary School?&nbsp;_The Reading Teacher, 67_(8), 636–639. doi: 10.1002/trtr.1257<br>
17. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/disciplinary-literacy-21st-century-demands/">Disciplinary literacy: Redefining deep understanding and leadership for 21st-century demands.</a><br>Piercy, T., &amp; Piercy, W. (2011). Englewood, CO: The Leadership and Learning Center.<br>
18. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/all-about-disciplinary-literacy/">Disciplinary literacy: What you want to know about it.</a><br> Fang, Z., &amp; Coatoam, S. (2013).&nbsp;_Journal of Adolescent &amp; Adult Literacy, 56_(8), 627-632. doi: 10.1002/JAAL.190<br> 
19. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/early-literacy-programme-struggling-readers/">Early literacy programme for struggling readers</a><br> Vaish, V. (2014). Whole language versus code-based skills and interactional patterns in Singapore’s early literacy program. Cambridge Journal of Education, 44(2), 199-215.<br>
20. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/disciplinary-literacy-struggling-learners/">Effect of explicit teaching of character development in narrative writing&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br> Yeo, S. C. (2002). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
21. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/effective-reading-instruction-in-early-years/">Effective Reading Instruction in the Early Years of School.</a><br>NSW Centre for Education Statistics and Evaluation. (2017). Effective reading instruction in the early years of school:&nbsp;_A Literature Review._&nbsp;Retrieved from https://www.cese.nsw.gov.au/publications-filter/literature-review-effective-reading-instruction-in-the-early-years-of-school<br>
22. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/effects-of-school-wide-reading-culture/">Effects of a school-wide reading culture on student engagement</a><br>Daniels, E., &amp; Steres, M. (2011). Examining the effects of a school-wide reading culture on the engagement of middle school students.&nbsp;_Research in Middle Level Education_, 35(2), 1-13.<br> 
23. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/effects-morphological-instruction-vocabulary/">Effects of morphological instruction on vocabulary acquisition</a><br>Bowers, P.N., &amp; Kerby, J.R. (2010). Effects of morphological instruction on vocabulary acquisition.&nbsp;_Reading &amp; Writing_&nbsp;23(5), 515-537. doi:10.1007/s11145-009-9172-z<br>
24. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/running-records-assessment-on-early-literacy/">Effects of Running Records Assessment on Early Literacy Achievement</a><br>Ross, J. A. (2004). Effects of Running Records Assessment on Early Literacy Achievement.&nbsp;_The Journal of Educational Research, 97_(4), 186-195. doi:10.3200/JOER.97.4.186-195<br>
25. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/evaluation-of-the-buddy-reading-programme/">Evaluation of the Buddy Reading programme</a><br>Shegar, C. (2009). Buddy Reading in a Singaporean primary school: Implications for training and research.&nbsp;_RELC Journal_,&nbsp;_40_(2), 133-148.<br>
26. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/examining-booktalks-on-classroom-discussion/">Examining booktalks on authentic classroom discussion</a><br>Hadjioannou, X., &amp; Townsend, J. S. (2015). Examining booktalks to shed light on authentic classroom discussion.&nbsp;_Classroom Discourse,_&nbsp;6(3), 198-220.<br>
27. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/effective-reading-role-models/">Excuse me, are you a model?&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br> Loh, K. K. J. (2006). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
28. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/explicit-comprehension-instruction-classroom/">Explicit reading comprehension instruction in elementary classrooms</a><br> Ness, M. (2011). Explicit reading comprehension instruction in elementary classrooms: Teacher use of reading comprehension strategies.&nbsp;_Journal of Research in Childhood Education, 25_(1), 98-117. doi: 10.1080/02568543.2010.531076<br>
29. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/argumentative-writing-across-the-curriculum/">Explicit teaching of argumentative writing in upper primary social studies lessons&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br>Neo, B. (2004). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br> 
30. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/factors-affect-emergent-literacy-development/">Factors that affect emergent literacy development when engaging with electronic books</a><br>Salmon, L. G. (2014). Factors that Affect Emergent Literacy Development When Engaging with Electronic Books.&nbsp;_Early Childhood Education Journal, 42_(2), 85-92. doi: 10.1007/s10643-013-0589-2<br>
31. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/disciplines-in-secondary-literacy-teaching/">Foregrounding the disciplines in secondary literacy teaching and learning: A call for change.</a><br>Moje, E. B., (2008).&nbsp;_Journal of Adolescent &amp; Adult Literacy, 52_(2), 96-107<br> 
32. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/adults-moving-from-oracy-to-literacy/">From oracy to literacy.</a><br>Sticht, T. G. (2003).&nbsp;_Literacy Today, 36_, 18.<br>
33. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/gendered-differences-in-school-literacy/">Gendered differences and school literacy&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br>  Chia, T. Y. A. (2001). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
34. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/biliteracy-differences-singapore-families/">Home biliteracy practices and biliteracy acquisition: A comparative study of Singaporean Chinese families and recent immigrant families from China&nbsp;(Doctoral dissertation).</a><br>Li, R. (2012). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
35. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/vocabulary-acquisition-language-learner/">Identifying the vocabulary learning strategies of Singapore Primary Six students of different English language proficiencies(Master's thesis).</a><br>Tan, B. S. S. (2004). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
36. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/improving-english-language-teaching-lesson/">Improving English language teaching through lesson study</a><br>Goh, R., &amp; Fang, Y. (2017). Improving English language teaching through lesson study: Case study of teacher learning in a Singapore primary school grade level team.&nbsp;_International Journal for Lesson and Learning Studies, 6_(2), 135-150. doi: 10.1108/IJLLS-11-2015-0037<br>
37. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/improving-reading-comprehension-annotation/">Improving reading comprehension through the use of annotation</a><br>Lim, P. C. P. (2015). I read, I connect, I annotate. (Master’s thesis). Retrieved from&nbsp;http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
38. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/increasing-text-comprehension-of-students/">Increasing text comprehension of elementary students with learning disabilities</a><br>Boulineau, T., Fore III, C., Hagan-Burke, S., &amp; Burke, M.D. (2004). The Use of Story-Mapping to Increase the Story-Grammar Text Comprehension of Elementary Students with Learning Disabilities.&nbsp;_Learning Disability Quarterly, 27_(2), 105 – 121. doi: 10.2307/1593645<br>
39. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/influencing-self-efficacy-of-reading-writing/">Influencing children’s self-efficacy and self-regulation of reading and writing</a><br>Schunk, D. H., &amp; Zimmerman, B. J. (2007). Influencing children's self-efficacy and self-regulation of reading and writing through modeling.&nbsp;_Reading &amp; Writing Quarterly_,&nbsp;_23_(1), 7-25.<br>
40. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/information-literacy-skills-secondary-school/">Information literacy skills of secondary school students in Singapore</a><br> Foo, S., Majid, S., Azura Mokhtar, I., Zhang, X., Chang, Y. K., Luyt, B., &amp; Theng, Y. L. (2014). Information literacy skills of secondary school students in Singapore.&nbsp;_Aslib Journal of Information Management, 66_(1), 54-76.<br>
41. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/innovating-english-language-curriculum/">Innovating the Singapore English language curriculum through lesson study</a><br>Tan-Chia, L., Fang, Y., &amp; Ang, P. C. (2013). Innovating the Singapore English language curriculum through lesson study.&nbsp;_International Journal for Lesson and Learning Studies, 2_(3), 256-280.<br>
42. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/investigating-language-learner-strategies/">Intrinsic and extrinsic reading motivation among good and poor readers</a><br>McGeown, S. P., Norgate, R., &amp; Warhurst, A. (2012) Exploring intrinsic and extrinsic reading motivation among very good and very poor readers.&nbsp;_Educational Research,_&nbsp;54(3), 309-322.<br>
43. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/investigating-language-learner-strategies/">Investigating language learner strategies</a><br> Gu, P. Y., Hu, G., &amp; Zhang, L. J. (2005). Investigating language learner strategies among lower primary school pupils in Singapore.&nbsp;_Language and Education,_&nbsp;19(4), 281-303.<br>
44. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/joint-reading-strategies-children-caregivers/">Joint book reading strategies with young children and caregivers</a><br> Quek, E. E. L. (2004).&nbsp;_An exploratory study of joint book reading with young children and caregivers_&nbsp;(Master’s thesis). Retrieved from&nbsp;http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
45.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/learning-study-approach-teacher-development/">Learning study as an approach to teacher development</a><br>  Siu, I. Y. M. (2008). Learning study as an approach to teacher development in two primary schools. The Asia-Pacific Education Researcher, 17(1), 99–108.<br>
46. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/teacher-professional-development-in-literacy/">Lesson study: Teacher-led professional development in literacy instruction.</a><br>Hurd, J., &amp; Licciardo-Musso, L. (2005). Lesson study: Teacher-led professional development in literacy instruction.&nbsp;_Language Arts, 82_(5), 388-395.<br>
47. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/levelling-the-reading-gap/">Levelling the reading gap</a><br>Loh, C. E. (2016). Levelling the reading gap: A socio-spatial study of school libraries and reading in Singapore.&nbsp;_Literacy, 50_(1), 3-13. doi: 10.1111/lit.12067<br>   
48. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/literacy-and-language-in-subject-areas/">Literacy and language pedagogy within subject areas in years 7-11: final report.</a><br> Wilson, A., Jesson, R., Rosedale, N., &amp; Cockle, V. (2012). Auckland: Auckland UniServices.<br> 
49. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/literacy-for-the-future/">Literacy for the future.</a><br> Palmer, S. (2003).&nbsp;_Education Review, 16_(2), 70-74.<br>
50. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/love-of-reading/">Love of reading</a><br> Curdt-Christiansen, X. L. (2009). Love of reading: An evaluation of the KidsREAD programme in Singapore.&nbsp;_The International Journal of Learning, 16_(9), 69-85.<br>
51. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/make-extensive-reading-more-student-centred/">Making extensive reading even more student-centred</a><br>Jacobs, G., &amp; Renandya, W. (2015). Making extensive reading even more student- centred.&nbsp;_Indonesian Journal of Applied Linguistics, 4_(2), 102-112. Retrieved from&nbsp;http://ejournal.upi.edu/index.php/IJAL/article/viewFile/691/499<br>
52. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/a-classroom-study-of-literary-text-talks/">Metacognitive perspectives on the development of reading comprehension: A classroom study of literary text-talks</a><br> Varga, A. (2017). Metacognitive perspectives on the development of reading comprehension: A classroom study of literary text-talks,&nbsp;_Literacy 51_(1), 19-25.<br>
53. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/metacognitive-scaffold-reading-comprehension/">Metacognitive scaffolding and monitoring on reading comprehension</a><br> Dabarera, C., Renandya, W. A., &amp; Zhang, L. J. (2014). The impact of metacognitive scaffolding and monitoring on reading comprehension.&nbsp;_System, 42,_&nbsp;462-473.<br>
54. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/motivating-struggling-reader-and-writer/">Motivating struggling readers and writers</a><br>Casey, H. K. (2008). Engaging the disengaged: Using learning clubs to motivate struggling adolescent readers and writers.&nbsp;_Journal of Adolescent &amp; Adult Literacy, 52_(4), 284-294. doi: 10.1598/JAAL.52.4.2<br>
55. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/new-literacies-in-two-singapore-classrooms/">New literacies in two Singapore classrooms</a><br>Tan, L., Bopry, J., &amp; Guo, L. (2010). Portraits of new literacies in two Singapore classrooms.&nbsp;_RELC Journal_,&nbsp;_41_(1), 5-17.<br>
56. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/critiquing-newspaper-commentary-articles/">Newspaper literacy: An investigation of how Singaporean students read the Straits Times.</a><br> Koh, A. (2004).&nbsp;_English Teaching: Practice and Critique, 3_(3), 43-60.<br> 
57. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/oracy-and-language-learning/">Oracy: Social facets of language learning.</a><br>Saracho, O. N., &amp; Spodek, B. (2007).&nbsp;_Early Child Development and Care, 177_(6-7), 695-705. doi: 10.1080/03004430701377540<br>
58. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/pragmatic-awareness-of-implicatures/">Pragmatic awareness of implicatures&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br>Tan, P. J. (2008). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
59. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/predicting-early-reading-comprehension-skill/">Predicting Early Reading Comprehension Skills</a><br>Kendeou, P., van den Broek, P., White, M. J., &amp; Lynch, J. S. (2009). Predicting Reading Comprehension in Early Elementary School: The Independent Contributions of Oral Language and Decoding Skills.&nbsp;_Journal of Educational Psychology, 101_(4), 765-778. doi: 10.1037/a0015956<br>
60. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/impact-classroom-practices-students-learning/">Predicting Singapore students' achievement goals in their English study: Self-construal and classroom goal structure.</a><br>Luo, W., Hogan, D., &amp; Paris, S. G. (2011).&nbsp;_Learning and Individual Differences, 21_(5), 526-535.<br>
61. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/reading-ability-for-bilingual-children/">Predictors of reading ability for bilingual children</a><br> Tan, Y. H., Poon, K. K., &amp; Rickard Liow, S. J. (2013). Predictors of reading ability in English for Mandarin-speaking bilingual children in Singapore. Early Child Development and Care, 183(10), 1420-1431.<br>
62. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/literacy-learning-young-chinese-children/">Preparing for school: An ethnographic study of young Chinese children's literacy learning&nbsp;(Doctoral dissertation).</a><br>Koh, G. H. (2010). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
63. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/teachers-beliefs-about-reading-instruction/">Preschool teachers' beliefs and practices about reading instruction: An exploratory study&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br>Nasir, S. N. (2004). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>   
64. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/reading-and-reading-instruction-for-children/">Reading and reading instruction for children</a><br>Lesaux, N. K. (2012).&nbsp;_Reading and reading instruction for children from low-income and non-English-speaking households. The Future of Children,_&nbsp;22(2), 73-88.<br>
65. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/reading-for-pleasure/">Reading for pleasure</a><br>  Harrison, B. (2012). Reading for pleasure among Year 13 boys: What are the possibilities and problems?&nbsp;_Kairaranga,13_(2), 41-48.&nbsp;_Classroom Discourse, 3_(1), 29-45.<br>
66. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/reading-like-a-historian/">Reading like a historian: A document-based History curriculum intervention in urban high schools.</a><br> Reisman, A. (2012).&nbsp;_Cognition and Instruction, 30_(1), 86-112.<br> 
67. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/reading-motivation/">Reading motivation</a><br>Marinak, B. A., &amp; Gamrell, L. B. (2010). Reading motivation: Exploring the gender gap.&nbsp;_Literacy Research and Instruction, 49_(2), 129-141.<br>
68. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/reading-in-the-disciplines/">Reading through a disciplinary lens.</a><br>Juel, C., Hebard, H., Park-Haubner, J., &amp; Moran, M. (2010).&nbsp;_Educational Leadership_, 67, 13-17.<br>
69. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/recontextualising-reading-rethinkingteaching/">Recontextualising reading, rethinking teaching</a><br>Jones, S. A. (2012). Recontextualising reading, rethinking teaching: Reading in the English medium primary school in Singapore.&nbsp;_Education 3-13, 40_(3), 243-258.<br>
70. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/nurturing-adolescent-literacy/">School-home partnerships to nurture adolescent literacy.</a><br> Bokhorst-Heng, W. D. (2008).&nbsp;_Middle School Journal, 39_(5), 40-49.<br>
71. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/science-language-and-young-learners/">Science, language and young learners</a><br>Ippolito, J., Condie, C., Blanchette, J., &amp; Cervoni, C. (2018). Learning science and literacy together: Professional learning that supports disciplinary literacy instruction for our youngest learners.&nbsp;_Science &amp; Children. 56_(4), 91-95.<br>
72. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/standardized-achievement-tests-and-learners/">Standardized achievement tests and English language learners</a><br>Abedi, J. (2002). Standardized achievement tests and English language learners: Psychometrics issues.&nbsp;_Educational Assessment_, 8(3), 231-257.<br>
73. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/reading-comprehension-strategies/">Strategies in reading comprehension: Case studies of good and poor upper primary school readers&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br>Fadillah, M. (2006). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
74. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/multimodal-construction/">Students' multimodal construction of the work-energy concept.</a><br>Tang, K.-S., Tan, S. C., &amp; Yeo, J. (2011).&nbsp;_International Journal of Science Education, 33_(13), 1775-1804. doi: 10.1080/09500693.2010.508899<br>
75.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/perception-of-reading-comprehension-question/">Students’ perception of reading comprehension questions.</a><br> Foong, P. Y., Png, J. L. H., Raslinda, A. R., &amp; Silver, R. E. (2009). Questioning-The-Author: Primary school students' perceptions.&nbsp;_Proceedings of the Educational Research Association of Singapore, 2009: Unpacking Teaching and Learning through Educational Research._&nbsp;Singapore: Educational Research Association of Singapore.<br>
76. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/classroom-talk-in-secondary-social-studies/">Supporting knowledge construction and literate talk in Secondary Social Studies.</a><br>Kramer-Dahl, A., Teo, P., &amp; Chia, A. (2007).&nbsp;_Linguistics and Education, 18_(2), 167-199. doi: 10.1016/j.linged.2007.07.003<br>
77. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/teacher-expectations-and-academic-outcomes/">Teacher expectations and academic outcomes</a><br>Rubie‐Davies, C., Hattie, J., &amp; Hamilton, R. (2006). Expecting the best for students: Teacher expectations and academic outcomes.&nbsp;_British Journal of Educational Psychology, 76_(3), 429-444.<br> 
78. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/its-impact-on-an-extensive-reading-programme/">Teacher modelling: Its impact on an extensive reading programme</a><br> Loh, J.K.K. (2009). Teacher Modeling: Its impact on an extensive reading program.&nbsp;_Reading in a Foreign Language, 21_(2), 93-118.<br>
79. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/questioning-modelling-comprehension-skills/">Teachers' use of questioning and modelling comprehension skills in primary classrooms</a><br>Parker, M., &amp; Hurry, J. (2007). Teachers' use of questioning and modelling comprehension skills in primary classrooms.&nbsp;_Educational Review,_&nbsp;59(3), 299-314.<br>
80.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/teacher-expectations-and-academic-outcomes/">Teachers’ expectations and classroom interactions</a><br>Rubie‐Davies, C. M. (2007). Classroom interactions: Exploring the practices of high- and low-expectation teachers.&nbsp;_British Journal of Educational Psychology, 77_(2), 289-306.<br>
81. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/teach-learning-argumentative-reading-writing/">Teaching and learning argumentative reading and writing</a><br>Newell, G. E., Beach, R., Smith J., &amp; VanDerHeide, J. (2011). Teaching and learning argumentative reading and writing: A review of research.&nbsp;_Reading Research Quarterly_,&nbsp;_46_(3), 273-304.<br> 
82. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/reading-multiple-historical-texts/">Teaching high school students to use heuristics while reading historical texts.</a><br>Nokes, J. D., Dole, J. A., &amp; Hacker, D. J. (2007).&nbsp;_Journal of Educational Psychology, 99_(3), 492-504. doi: 10.1037/0022-0663.99.3.492<br> 
83.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/teaching-narrative-comprehension-strategies/">Teaching narrative comprehension strategies to first graders</a><br>Paris, A. H., &amp; Paris, S. G. (2007). Teaching Narrative Comprehension Strategies to First Graders.&nbsp;_Cognition and Instruction, 25_(1), 1-44. doi: 10.1080/07370000709336701<br>
84. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/visual-texts-w-multimodal-analysis-software/">Teaching visual texts with multimodal analysis software</a><br> Lim Fei, V., O'Halloran, K. L., Tan, S., &amp; E, M. K. L. (2015). Teaching visual texts with the multimodal analysis software.&nbsp;_Educational Technology Research &amp; Development, 63_(6), 915-935. doi:10.1007/s11423-015-9395-4<br> 
85. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/text-processing-differences/">Text processing differences</a><br> Denton, C. A., Enos, M., York, M. J., Francis, D. J., Kulesz, P. A., Fletcher, J. M., &amp; Carter, S. (2016). Text-processing differences in adolescent adequate and poor comprehenders reading accessible and challenging narrative and informational text.&nbsp;_Reading Research Quarterly, 50_(4), 3-13. doi: 10.1002/rrq.105<br>
86. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/pedagogical-practices-document-based-lesson/">The 'Document-Based Lesson': Bringing disciplinary inquiry into high school history classrooms with adolescent struggling readers.</a><br>  Reisman, A. (2012).&nbsp;_Journal of Curriculum Studies, 44:_2, 233-264.<br>
87. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/effect-of-font-size-on-reading-comprehension/">The Effect of Font Size on Reading Comprehension</a><br> Katzir, T., Hershko, S., &amp; Halamish, V. (2013). The effect of font size on reading comprehension on second and fifth grade children: Bigger is not always better.&nbsp;_PLoS One, 8_(9), e74061. doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0074061<br>
88. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/effects-of-incentives-on-reading-motivation/">The effects of incentives on students’ reading motivation</a><br>  Edmunds, K. M., &amp; Tancock, S. M. (2002). Incentives: The effects on the reading motivation of fourth-grade students.&nbsp;_Reading Research and Instruction, 42_(2), 17-37.<br>
89. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/enactment-of-literacy-policy-singapore/">The enactment of literacy policy in Singapore</a><br>Curdt-Christiansen, X. L., &amp; Silver, R. (2013). New wine into old skins: The enactment of literacy policy in Singapore.&nbsp;_Language and Education, 27_(3), 246-260.<br>
90. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/ict-in-learning-task-design-implementation/">The generative use of ICT in the language arts: Strategies in learning task design and implementation.</a><br> De Souza, D. E., &amp; Towndrow, P. A. (2011). In C. M. L. Ho, K. T. Anderson &amp; A. P. Leong (Eds.),&nbsp;_Transforming literacies and language: Multimodality and literacy in the new media age_&nbsp;(pp. 23-48). London: Continuum.<br>
91. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/impact-of-pedagogies-on-engagement-in-class/">The impact of teachers’ pedagogies on English language learners’ engagement in the classroom</a><br> Yoon, B. (2008). Uninvited guests: The influence of teachers’ roles and pedagogies on the positioning of English language learners in the regular classroom.&nbsp;_American Educational Research Journal, 45_(2), 495-522.<br>
92. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/possible-cultural-consequences-for-children/">The possible cultural consequences for children as they learn to read in English</a><br> Jones, S. A. (2010). The possible cultural consequences for children as they learn to read in English at Primary Three in Singapore.&nbsp;_RELC Journal, 41_(3), 229-251.<br>
93.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/relationship-among-reported-strategy-use/">The Relationships among Reported Strategy Use, Metacognitive Awareness, and Reading Achievement</a><br>  Hong-Nam, K., Leavell, A. G., &amp; Maher, S. (2014). The relationships among reported strategy use, metacognitive awareness, and reading achievement of high school students.&nbsp;_Reading Psychology, 35_(8), 762-790. doi:10.1080/02702711.2013.807900<br>
94. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/out-of-school-factors-literacy-problem/">The role of out-of-school factors in the literacy problem.</a><br>Waldfogel, J. (2012).&nbsp;_The Future of Children, 22_(2), 39-54.<br> 
95. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/student-motivation-learning-in-singapore/">The role of self-efficacy, task value, and achievement goals in predicting learning strategies, task disengagement, peer relationship, and achievement outcome.</a><br> Liem, A. D., Lau, S., &amp; Nie, Y. (2008).&nbsp;_Contemporary Educational Psychology, 33_(4), 486-512.<br>
96. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/role-of-vocabulary-reading-comprehension/">The role of vocabulary in reading comprehension</a><br> Zhang, L. J., &amp; Anual, S. B. (2008). The role of vocabulary in reading comprehension: The case of secondary school students learning English in Singapore.&nbsp;_RELC Journal_,&nbsp;_39_(1), 51-76.<br> 
97. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/contextual-clues-in-cloze-procedures/">The use of contextual clues in cloze procedures by Primary Six pupils in Singapore&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br> Oo, L. K. C. (2005). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
98. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/efficacy-of-matrix-ideational-frameworks/">The value of ideational frameworks for helping upper secondary students in their summary writing tasks&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br>Poh, S. K. (2005). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
99. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/understanding-text-genre-preferences/">Understanding Text Genre Preferences</a><br>Gallo, G., &amp; Ness, M. (2013). Understanding the Text Genre Preferences of Third-Grade Readers,&nbsp;_Journal of Language and Literacy Education_&nbsp;[Online], 9(2), 110-130.<br>
100. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/understanding-reading-habits-of-children/">Understanding the reading habits of children in Singapore</a><br>  Majid, S., &amp; Tan, V. (2007). Understanding the reading habits of children in Singapore.&nbsp;_Journal of Educational Media and Library Sciences_,&nbsp;_45_(2), 187-198.<br>
101. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/using-argument-for-science-literacy/">Using argument as tool for science literacy</a><br>  Washburn, E., &amp; Cavagnetto, A. (2013). Using argument as a tool for integrating science and literacy. The Reading Teacher, 67(2), 127-136.<br>
102. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/corpus-based-material-teaching-resource/">Using corpus-based materials as a teaching resource for the teaching of prepositions in a Singapore primary school(Master's thesis)</a><br>Ang, M. L. (2007). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
103. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/digital-think-alouds-develop-comprehension/">Using digital think-alouds to develop reading comprehension of online informational texts</a><br>White, A. (2016). Using Digital Think-Alouds to Build Comprehension of Online Informational Texts.&nbsp;_The Reading Teacher,_&nbsp;69(4), 421- 425.<br>
104. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/using-qar-in-lower-primary-grades/">Using Question Answer Relationships (QAR) in lower primary grades</a><br>Kinniburgh, L. H., &amp; Prew, S. S. (2010). Question answer relationships (QAR) in the primary grades: Laying the foundation for reading comprehension.&nbsp;_International Journal of Early Childhood Special Education, 2_(1), 31-44.<br>
105. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/why-disciplinary-literacy/">What is disciplinary literacy and why does it matter?</a><br> Shanahan, T. &amp; Shanahan, C. (2012).&nbsp;_Topics in Language Disorders, 32_(1), 7-18.<br>
106. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/when-reading-meets-blogging/">When reading meets blogging</a><br>Lee, S. Y. (2015). Joining the ‘literacy club’: when reading meets blogging.&nbsp;_ELT Journal, 69_(4), 373-382.<br>
107. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/word-knowledge-in-reading-comprehension/">Word Knowledge in a Theory of Reading Comprehension</a><br>Perfetti, C. &amp; Stafura, J. (2014). Word Knowledge in a Theory of Reading Comprehension. Scientific Studies of Reading, 18(1), 22-37. doi: 10.1080/10888438.2013.827687<br>
108. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-and-viewing/learning-academic-vocabulary/">Words as tools: Learning academic vocabulary as language acquisition.</a><br>Nagy, W., &amp; Townsend, D. (2012).&nbsp;_Reading Research Quarterly, 47_(1), 91-108.<br>
109. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/reading-viewing/children-engagement-digital-texts-literacies/">Young children’s engagement with digital texts and literacies in the home: Pressing matters for the teaching of English in the early years of schooling</a><br>Davidson, C. (2009). Young children's engagement with digital texts and literacies in the home: Pressing matters for the teaching of English in the early years of schooling.&nbsp;_English Teaching: Practice and Critique, 8_(3), 36-54.</p>
		</div>
	</li>
	<li>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<input type="checkbox" id="accordion6">
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<label for="accordion6">Speaking and Representing</label>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<div>
	<p>1. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/using-drama-in-english-language-class/">'Drama is like reversing everything': Intervention research as teacher professional development.</a><br> Stinson, M. (2009).&nbsp;_Research in Drama Education: The Journal of Applied Theatre and Performance, 14_(2), 225-243.<br> 
2. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/irf-exchanges-in-nt-and-spe-class/">A corpus-based analysis of classroom interaction in Singapore secondary schools: The role of IRF exchanges&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br>  Hui, C. (2008). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
3. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/academic-conversations/">Academic conversations: Classroom talk that fosters critical thinking and content understandings.</a><br>Zweirs, J., &amp; Crawford, M. (2011). Portland, Maine: Stenhouse Publishers.<br>
4. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/acquiring-english-fluency-for-pupils/">Acquiring English fluency for pupils taking English as an additional language</a><br> Demie, F. (2013). English as an additional language pupils: How long does it take to acquire English fluency?&nbsp;_Language and Education_, 27(1), 59-69.<br>
5.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/teacher-student-questioning-in-maths/">Asking good questions: Promoting greater understanding of mathematics through purposeful teacher and student questioning.</a><br> Di Teodoro, S., Donders, S., Kemp-Davidson, J., Robertson, P., &amp; Schuyler, L. (2011).&nbsp;_Canadian Journal of Action Research, 12_(2), 18-29.<br>
6. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/building-literacy-communities-practice/">Building literacy communities of practice across subject disciplines in secondary schools..</a><br>Wright, N. (2007).&nbsp;_Language and Education, 21_(5), 420-433.<br> 
7. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/childrens-talk-and-reasoning/">Children's talk and the development of reasoning in the classroom.</a><br>Mercer, N., Wegerif, R., &amp; Dawes, L. (1999).&nbsp;_British Educational Research Journal, 25_(1), 95-111.<br>
8. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/classroom-dialogue/">Classroom dialogue</a><br>Howe, C., &amp; Abedin, M. (2013). Classroom dialogue: A systematic review across four decades of research.&nbsp;_Cambridge Journal of Education,_&nbsp;22(2), 1-32. doi: 10.1080/ 0305764X.2013.786024<br>
9. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/classroom-interaction-in-science/">Classroom interaction in science: Teacher questioning and feedback to students' responses.</a><br> Chin, C. (2006).&nbsp;_International Journal of Science Education, 28_(11), 1315-1346.<br>
10. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/toward-a-dialogic-discussion-class/">Closing the gap between concept and practice: Toward more dialogic discussion in the language arts classroom.</a><br> Adler, M., Rougle, E., Kaiser, E., &amp; Caughlan, S. (2003).&nbsp;_Journal of Adolescent &amp; Adult Literacy, 47_(4), 312-322.<br>
11. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/assessing-communicative-competence/">Communicative competence in oral language assessment.</a><br> Oliver, R., Haig, Y., &amp; Rochecouste, J. (2005).&nbsp;_Language and Education, 19_(3), 212-222. doi: 10.1080/09500780508668675.<br>
12. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/language-ideologies-and-practices/">Conflicting language ideologies and contradictory language practices in Singaporean multilingual families</a><br> Curdt-Christiansen, X. L. (2016). Conflicting language ideologies and contradictory language practices in Singaporean multilingual families.&nbsp;_Journal of Multilingual and Multicultural Development, 37_(7), 694-709. doi: org/10.1080/01434632.2015.1127926<br>
13. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/tensions-teaching-new-texts-literacies/">Creative tensions in teaching new texts and new literacies</a><br>Matthewman, S., Blight, A., &amp; Davies, C. (2004). What does multimodality mean for English? Creative tensions in teaching new texts and new literacies.&nbsp;_Education, Communication &amp; Information,_&nbsp;4(1), 153-176.<br>
14. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/community-inquiry-understanding-maths/">Developing communities of mathematical inquiry.</a><br>Alton-Lee, A., Hunter, R., Sinnema, C., &amp; Pulegatoa-Diggins, C. (2012).&nbsp;_Quality Teaching for Diverse (All) Learners in Schooling: Best Evidence Synthesis Iteration [BES]_. Wellington, New Zealand: Ministry of Education, New Zealand.<br>
15. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/development-and-validation-of-learner/">Development and validation of learner attitudes and motivations for pronunciation</a><br>Sardegna, V. G., Lee, J., &amp; Kusey, C. (2014). Development and validation of the learner attitudes and motivations for pronunciation (LAMP) inventory.&nbsp;_System, 47_, 162-175.<br>
16. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/dialogic-space-interactions/">Dialogic space interactions</a><br> Hammond, J. (2016). Dialogic space interactions between dialogic teaching and systemic functional linguistics.&nbsp;_Research Papers in Education,_&nbsp;31(1), 5-22. doi: 10.1080/02671522.2016.1106693<br> 
17.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/dialogic-space-interactions/">Disciplinary Literacy in Elementary School</a><br> Shanahan, C., &amp; Shanahan, T. (2014). Does Disciplinary Literacy Have a Place in Elementary School?&nbsp;_The Reading Teacher, 67_(8), 636–639. doi: 10.1002/trtr.1257<br>
18. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/effects-of-metacognitive-strategy-oral/">Effects of Metacognitive Strategy Instruction on Oral Language Task Performance and Strategy Use</a><br>Lam, Y. K. (2009). Examining the effects of metacognitive strategy instruction on ESL group discussions: A synthesis of approaches.&nbsp;_Language Teaching Research, 13_(2), 129 – 150.<br>
19. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/classroom-talk/">Entitled to speak: Talk in the classroom.</a><br> Doddington, C. (2001).&nbsp;_Studies in Philosophy and Education, 20_(3), 267-274.<br>
20. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/adults-moving-from-oracy-literacy/">From oracy to literacy.</a><br>Sticht, T. G. (2003).&nbsp;_Literacy Today, 36_, 18.<br>
21. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/identifying-quality-classroom-talk/">Identifying 'quality' in classroom talk: An enduring research task.</a><br> Westgate, D., &amp; Hughes, M. (1997).&nbsp;_Language and Education, 11_(2), 125-139. doi: 10.1080/09500789708666723.<br>
22. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/implementing-dialogic-teaching/">Implementing dialogic teaching in a Singapore English language classroom.</a><br> Lee, R. (2016). Implementing dialogic teaching in a Singapore English Language classroom.&nbsp;_RELC Journal._&nbsp;doi: 10.1177/0033688216631171<br>
23. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/teacher-questioning-student-engagement/">Interactions between classroom discourse, teacher questioning, and student cognitive engagement in middle school science.</a><br>Smart, J. B., &amp; Marshall, J. C. (2013).&nbsp;_Journal of Science Teacher Education, 24_(2), 249-267.<br>
24. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/code-switching-in-singaporeans/">Language choice and code-switching: A case study of four bilingual female students (Master's thesis)</a><br>  Azlin, J. (2007). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
25. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/lesson-transitions-to-group-work/">Lesson transitions to group work in primary English classrooms</a><br>Lwin, S. M., Goh, C., &amp; Doyle, P. (2012). ‘I’m going to split you all up’: Examining transitions to group/pair work in two primary English classrooms.&nbsp;_Language and Education_,&nbsp;_26_(1), 19-33.<br>
26. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/literacy-for-the-future/">Literacy for the future.</a><br>Palmer, S. (2003).&nbsp;_Education Review, 16_(2), 70-74.<br>
27.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/reasoning-and-communication-into-maths/">Modifying textbook exercises to incorporate reasoning and communication into the primary mathematics classroom.</a><br>Thompson, D. R. (2012). In B. Kaur &amp; T. L. Toh (Eds.),&nbsp;_Reasoning, communication and connections in mathematics: Yearbook 2012, Association of Mathematics Educators_&nbsp;(pp. 57-74). Singapore: World Scientific Publishing.<br>
28. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/motivation-learning-standard-english/">Motivation for learning standard spoken English: A study of adolescent English language learners in Singapore&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br>Tan, P. L. A. (2007). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
29. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/motivation-requires-a-meaningful-task/">Motivation requires a meaningful task.</a><br> Frey, N., &amp; Fisher, D. (2010).&nbsp;_English Journal, 100_(1), 30-36.<br>
30. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/oracy-in-a-japanese-kindergarten/">Oracy and literacy practices in a Japanese kindergarten: A theoretical examination.</a><br>Shirakawa, Y., &amp; Iwahama, R. (2009).&nbsp;_Early Child Development and Care, 179_(5), 587-594. doi: 10.1080/03004430701379371<br>
31. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/oracy-in-mathematics/">Oracy's central role in teaching mathematics effectively to EAL students.</a><br>Daykin, A. R. (2004).&nbsp;_International Schools Journal, 23_(2), 57-66.<br>
32. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/oracy-and-language-learning/">Oracy: Social facets of language learning.</a><br>Saracho, O. N., &amp; Spodek, B. (2007).&nbsp;_Early Child Development and Care, 177_(6-7), 695-705. doi: 10.1080/03004430701377540<br>
33. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/oral-presentations-in-maths/">Oral presentation as an alternative assessment in mathematics.</a><br>Seto, C. (2002). In D. Edge &amp; B. H. Yeap (Eds.),&nbsp;_Mathematics education for a knowledge-based era_&nbsp;(Vol. 2 Selected Papers, pp. 33-39). Singapore: Association of Mathematics Educators.<br>
34. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/spoken-skills-as-empowerment/">Orienting oracy: Empowerment or enslavement.</a><br>Ferst, P. (1999).&nbsp;_Journal of Further and Higher Education, 23_(2), 257-267. doi: 10.1080/0309877990230209<br>
35. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/perspectives-on-spoken-grammar/">Perspectives on spoken grammar</a><br>  Goh, C. (2009).&nbsp;_English Language Teachers Journal, 63_(4), 303-312.<br>
36. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/impact-of-classroom-practices-learning/">Predicting Singapore students' achievement goals in their English study: Self-construal and classroom goal structure.</a><br>Luo, W., Hogan, D., &amp; Paris, S. G. (2011).&nbsp;_Learning and Individual Differences, 21_(5), 526-535.<br>
37. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/literacy-learning-of-chinese-children/">Preparing for school: An ethnographic study of young Chinese children's literacy learning&nbsp;(Doctoral dissertation).</a><br>Koh, G. H. (2010). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>    
38. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/questioning-and-oracy/">Questioning and oracy in a reading program.</a><br>Vaish, V. (2013).&nbsp;_Language and Education, 27_(6), 526-541. doi: 10.1080/09500782.2012.737334<br>
39. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/reading-like-a-historian/">Reading like a historian: A document-based History curriculum intervention in urban high schools.</a><br>Reisman, A. (2012).&nbsp;_Cognition and Instruction, 30_(1), 86-112.<br>
40. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/relation-complex-language-vocabulary/">Relation between exposure to sophisticated and complex language and learners’ vocabulary</a><br> Gámez, P. B., &amp; Lesaux, N. K. (2012). The relation between exposure to sophisticated and complex language and early-adolescent English-only and language minority learners’ vocabulary.&nbsp;_Child Development,_&nbsp;83(4), 1316-1331.<br>
41. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/teacher-questioning-and-student-talk/">Relations between teacher questioning and student talk in one elementary ELL classroom</a><br> Boyd, M. P. (2015). Relations between teacher questioning and student talk in one elementary ELL classroom.&nbsp;_Journal of Literacy Research, 47_(3), 370-404.<br>
42. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/teacher-questioning-and-student-talk/">Research into practice: Scaffolding learning processes to improve speaking performance</a><br>  Goh, C. M. (2017). Research into practice: Scaffolding learning processes to improve speaking performance.&nbsp;_Language Teaching, 50_(2), 247-260. doi:10.1017/S0261444816000483<br>
43. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/science-language-and-young-learner/">Science, language and young learners</a><br>    Ippolito, J., Condie, C., Blanchette, J., &amp; Cervoni, C. (2018). Learning science and literacy together: Professional learning that supports disciplinary literacy instruction for our youngest learners.&nbsp;_Science &amp; Children. 56_(4), 91-95.<br>
44. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/awareness-of-listening-and-speaking/">Singaporean students’ awareness of listening and speaking strategies</a><br> Zhang, D., &amp; Goh, C. C. (2006). Strategy knowledge and perceived strategy use: Singaporean students’ awareness of listening and speaking strategies. Language Awareness, 15(3), 199-219.<br>
45. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/reasoning-and-communication-in-maths/">Some "what" strategies that advance reasoning and communication in primary mathematics classrooms.</a><br>  Kaur, B. (2012). In B. Kaur &amp; T. L. Toh (Eds.),&nbsp;_Reasoning, communication and connections in mathematics: Yearbook 2012, Association of Mathematics Educators_&nbsp;(pp. 75-88). Singapore: World Scientific Publishing.<br>
46. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/storytelling-in-primary-schools/">Storytelling for children in primary schools</a><br>Panc, I., Georgescu, A., &amp; Zaharia, M. (2015). Why children should learn to tell stories in primary school?&nbsp;_Procedia-Social and Behavioral Sciences, 187,_&nbsp;591-595.<br>
47. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/multimodal-construction/">Students' multimodal construction of the work-energy concept.</a><br>Tang, K.-S., Tan, S. C., &amp; Yeo, J. (2011).&nbsp;_International Journal of Science Education, 33_(13), 1775-1804. doi: 10.1080/09500693.2010.508899<br>
48. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/class-talk-in-secondary-social-studies/">Supporting knowledge construction and literate talk in Secondary Social Studies.</a><br>Kramer-Dahl, A., Teo, P., &amp; Chia, A. (2007).&nbsp;_Linguistics and Education, 18_(2), 167-199. doi: 10.1016/j.linged.2007.07.003<br>
49. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/content-area-academic-language/">Supporting middle school students with content area academic language</a><br>Townsend, D. (2015). Who’s using the language? Supporting middle school students with content area language.&nbsp;_Journal of Adolescent &amp; Adult Literacy, 58_(5), 376-287.<br>
50. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/teacher-fronted-classroom-interaction/">Taking the initiative in teacher-fronted classroom interaction</a><br> Garton, S. (2012). Speaking out of turn? Taking the initiative in teacher-fronted classroom interaction.&nbsp;_Classroom Discourse, 3_(1), 29-45.<br>
51. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/enjoyment-and-understanding-in-science/">Talk for promoting enjoyment and developing understanding in Science.</a><br> Dawes, L., Dore, B., Loxley, P., &amp; Nichols, L. (2010). A talk focus for promoting enjoyment and developing understanding in science.&nbsp;_English Teaching: Practice and Critique, 9_(2), 99-110. Retrieved from: http://education.waikato.ac.nz/resources/files/etpc/files/2010v9n2nar1.pdf<br>
52. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/oracy-university-assessment-tasks/">Talking the talk: Oracy demands in first year university assessment tasks.</a><br>Doherty, C., Kettle, M., May, L., &amp; Caukill, E. (2011).&nbsp;_Assessment in Education: Principles, Policy &amp; Practice, 18_(1), 27-39. doi: 10.1080/0969594X.2010.498775<br>
53. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/teacher-questioning-science-class/">Teacher Questioning in Science Classrooms</a><br>Chin, C. (2007). Teacher Questioning in Science Classrooms: Approaches that Stimulate Productive Thinking.&nbsp;_Journal of Research in Science Teaching, 44_(6), 815-843.<br>
54. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/questioning-modelling-comprehension/">Teachers' use of questioning and modelling comprehension skills in primary classrooms</a><br>Parker, M., &amp; Hurry, J. (2007). Teachers' use of questioning and modelling comprehension skills in primary classrooms.&nbsp;_Educational Review,_&nbsp;59(3), 299-314.<br>
55. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/pedagogical-of-document-based-lesson/">The 'Document-Based Lesson': Bringing disciplinary inquiry into high school history classrooms with adolescent struggling readers.</a><br>Reisman, A. (2012).&nbsp;_Journal of Curriculum Studies, 44:_2, 233-264.<br>
56. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/rebuttals-argumentation-activities/">The analysis and reconciliation of students’ rebuttals in argumentation activities</a><br>Lin, Y.-R., &amp; Hung, J.-F. (2016).&nbsp;_The analysis and reconciliation of students’ rebuttals in argumentation activities. International Journal of Science Education,_&nbsp;38(1), 130-155. doi: 10.1080/09500693.2015.1134848<br>
57. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/drama-and-oracy/">The DOL project: The contributions of process drama to improved results in English oral communication.</a><br>Stinson, M., &amp; Freebody, K. (2010).&nbsp;_Youth Theatre Journal, 20_(1), 27-41.<br>
58. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/enactment-of-literacy-policy-singapore/">The enactment of literacy policy in Singapore</a><br>Curdt-Christiansen, X. L., &amp; Silver, R. (2013). New wine into old skins: The enactment of literacy policy in Singapore.&nbsp;_Language and Education, 27_(3), 246-260.<br>
59. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/mathematics-and-language/">The impacts of an early mathematics curriculum on oral language and literacy.</a><br>Sarama, J., Lange, A. A., Clements, D. H., &amp; Wolfe, C. B. (2012).&nbsp;_Early Childhood Research Quarterly, 27_(3), 489-502. doi: 10.1016/j.ecresq.2011.12.002<br>
60. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/role-of-code-switching-in-class/">The role of code-switching in a communications skills classroom&nbsp;(Master's dissertation).</a><br>Lee, C. C. P. (2005). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
61. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/role-of-exploratory-talk-in-classroom/">The role of exploratory talk in classroom search engine tasks</a><br> Knight, S., &amp; Mercer, N. (2015). The role of exploratory talk in classroom search engine tasks.&nbsp;_Technology, Pedagogy and Education,_&nbsp;24(3), 303-309. doi: 10.1080/1475939X.2014.931884<br>
62. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/student-motivation-and-learning/">The role of self-efficacy, task value, and achievement goals in predicting learning strategies, task disengagement, peer relationship, and achievement outcome.</a><br>  Liem, A. D., Lau, S., &amp; Nie, Y. (2008).&nbsp;_Contemporary Educational Psychology, 33_(4), 486-512.<br>
63. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/study-talk-between-teachers-students/">The study of talk between teachers and students.</a><br> Mercer, N., &amp; Dawes, L. (2014). The study of talk between teachers and students, from the 1970s until the 2010s.&nbsp;_Oxford Review of Education,_&nbsp;40(4), 430-445. doi: 10.1080/03054985.2014.934087<br>
64. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/dialogic-authoritative-discourse/">The tension between authoritative and dialogic discourse: A fundamental characteristic of meaning making interactions in high school science lessons.</a><br>Scott, P. H., Mortimer, E. F., &amp; Aguiar, O. G. (2006).&nbsp;_Science Education, 90_(4), 605-631. doi: 10.1002/sce.20131<br>
65. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/talks-and-representations-in-teaching/">The use of classroom talk and multiple representations in teaching Science</a><br>  Tang, K.-S. (2016). The interplay of representations and patterns of classroom discourse in science teaching sequences,&nbsp;_International Journal of Science Education, 38_(13), 2069-2095. doi:10.1080/09500693.2016.1218568<br>
66. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/the-use-of-the-3-2-1-technique/">The use of the 3/2/1 technique to foster students’ speaking fluency</a><br>Barriga, M. M., &amp; Briesmaster, M. (2017). The Use of the 3/2/1 Technique to Foster Students' Speaking Fluency.&nbsp;_I.E.: Inquiry in Education, 9_(2), 1-13.<br>
67. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-representing/changing-classroom-discourse-patterns/">Troubling teacher talk: The challenge of changing classroom discourse patterns.</a><br>  Culican, S. J. (2007).&nbsp;_The Australian Educational Researcher, 34_(2), 7-27.<br>
68. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/talk-in-mathematics-classes/">Understanding classroom talk in secondary three mathematics classes in Singapore.</a><br>  Hogan, D., Rahim, R. A., Chan, M., Kwek, D., &amp; Towndrow, P. (2012). In B. Kaur &amp; T. L. Toh (Eds.),&nbsp;_Reasoning, communication and connections in mathematics: Yearbook 2012, Association of Mathematics Educators_&nbsp;(pp. 169-197). Singapore: World Scientific Publishing.<br>
69. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/argument-tool-for-science-literacy/">Using argument as tool for science literacy</a><br>Washburn, E., &amp; Cavagnetto, A. (2013). Using argument as a tool for integrating science and literacy. The Reading Teacher, 67(2), 127-136.<br>
70. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/alternative-assessment-strategies/">Using journal writing and oral presentation as alternative assessment strategies in mathematics instruction: An empirical study in Singapore secondary schools&nbsp;(Doctoral dissertation).</a><br> Yeo, S. M. (2008). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br> 
71. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/author-motivation-in-storytelling/">What now for language in a multimedia world?</a><br>  Malinowski, D., &amp; Nelson, M. E. (2011). In C. M. L. Ho, K. T. Anderson, &amp; A. P. Leong (Eds.),&nbsp;_Transforming literacies and language: Multimodality and literacy in the new media age_&nbsp;(pp. 9-22). London: Continuum.<br>
72. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/why-talk-is-important/">Why talk is important</a><br>  Barnes, D. (2010). Why talk is important.&nbsp;_English Teaching: Practice and Critique, 9_(2), 7-10.<br>
73. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/speaking-and-representing/writing-with-voiced-in-science/">Writing voiced arguments about science topics.</a><br> Monahan, M. B. (2013).&nbsp;_Journal of Adolescent &amp; Adult Literacy, 57_(1), 31-40.</p>
		 </div>
	</li>
	<li>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<input type="checkbox" id="accordion7">
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<label for="accordion7">Subject Literacy</label>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<div>
	<p>1. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/disciplinary-literacy-n-struggling-learners/">Building a house on sand: Why disciplinary literacy is not sufficient to replace general strategies for adolescent learners who struggle.</a><br>Faggella-Luby, M. N., Graner, P. S., Deshler, D. D., &amp; Drew, S. V. (2012).&nbsp;_Topics in Language Disorders, 32_(1), 69-84.<br> 
2. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/case-study-of-technology-enhanced-learning/">A case study of designing technology-enhanced learning in an elementary school in Singapore</a><br>   Tay, L. Y., Melwan, M., Ong, J. L., &amp; Ng, K. R. (2017). A case study of designing technology-enhanced learning in an elementary school in Singapore.&nbsp;_Learning: Research and Practice, 3_(2), 98-113. doi:10.1080/23735082.2017.1350737<br>  
3. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/project-teaching-critical-reading-n-writing/">A project for teaching critical reading and writing</a><br>Teo, P. (2014). Making the familiar strange and the strange familiar: a project for teaching critical reading and writing.&nbsp;_Language and Education, 28_(6), 539-551. doi:10.1080/09500782.2014.921191<br> 
4. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/literacy-in-content-areas/">A social semiotics framework for conceptualizing content area literacies.</a><br>   Wilson, A. A., (2011).&nbsp;_Journal of Adolescent &amp; Adult Literacy, 54_(6), 435-444.<br>
5. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/academic-conversations/">Academic conversations: Classroom talk that fosters critical thinking and content understandings.</a><br> Zweirs, J., &amp; Crawford, M. (2011). Portland, Maine: Stenhouse Publishers.<br>
6. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/teacher-and-student-questioning-in-maths/">Asking good questions: Promoting greater understanding of mathematics through purposeful teacher and student questioning.</a><br>Di Teodoro, S., Donders, S., Kemp-Davidson, J., Robertson, P., &amp; Schuyler, L. (2011).&nbsp;_Canadian Journal of Action Research, 12_(2), 18-29.<br> 
7. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/writing-in-archaeology/">Asking Pompeii questions: A co-operative approach to writing in the disciplines.</a><br>Somerville, E. M., &amp; Creme, P. (2005).&nbsp;_Teaching in Higher Education, 10_(1), 17 - 28.<br>
8. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/building-literacy-communities-of-practice/">Building literacy communities of practice across subject disciplines in secondary schools.</a><br> Wright, N. (2007).&nbsp;_Language and Education, 21_(5), 420-433.<br> 
9. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/challenges-faced-by-teachers-and-students/">Challenges faced by teachers of English language learners and limited English proficiency students</a><br> Khong, T. D. H., &amp; Saito, E. (2014). Challenges confronting teachers of English language learners.&nbsp;_Educational Review, 66_(2), 210-225.<br>
10. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/literacy-and-multimodal-texts/">Charting a Pathway: Embedding ICT and New Literacies into the Curriculum.</a><br> Zammit, K. (2011). In C. M. L. Ho, K. T. Anderson &amp; A. P. Leong (Eds.),&nbsp;_Transforming literacies and language: Multimodality and literacy in the new media age_&nbsp;(pp. 9-22). London: Continuum.<br>
11. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/childrens-talk-and-reasoning/">Children's talk and the development of reasoning in the classroom.</a><br> Mercer, N., Wegerif, R., &amp; Dawes, L. (1999).&nbsp;_British Educational Research Journal, 25_(1), 95-111.<br>
12. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/classroom-dialogue/">Classroom dialogue</a><br>Howe, C., &amp; Abedin, M. (2013). Classroom dialogue: A systematic review across four decades of research.&nbsp;_Cambridge Journal of Education,_&nbsp;22(2), 1-32. doi: 10.1080/ 0305764X.2013.786024<br>
13. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/classroom-interaction-in-science/">Classroom interaction in science: Teacher questioning and feedback to students' responses.</a><br>Chin, C. (2006).&nbsp;_International Journal of Science Education, 28_(11), 1315-1346.<br>
14. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/assessing-communicative-competence/">Communicative competence in oral language assessment.</a><br>Oliver, R., Haig, Y., &amp; Rochecouste, J. (2005).&nbsp;_Language and Education, 19_(3), 212-222. doi: 10.1080/09500780508668675.<br>
15. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/competencies-teachers-of-english-learners/">Competencies for teachers of English learners</a><br>Faltis, C., Arias, M. B., &amp; Ramírez-Marín, F. (2010). Identifying relevant competencies for secondary teachers of English learners.&nbsp;_Bilingual Research Journal,_&nbsp;33(3), 307-328, doi: 10.1080/15235882.2010.529350<br>
16. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/tensions-in-teaching-new-texts-n-literacies/">Creative tensions in teaching new texts and new literacies</a><br>Matthewman, S., Blight, A., &amp; Davies, C. (2004). What does multimodality mean for English? Creative tensions in teaching new texts and new literacies.&nbsp;_Education, Communication &amp; Information,_&nbsp;4(1), 153-176.<br>
17. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/community-inquiry-and-understanding-maths/">Developing communities of mathematical inquiry.</a><br>Alton-Lee, A., Hunter, R., Sinnema, C., &amp; Pulegatoa-Diggins, C. (2012).&nbsp;_Quality Teaching for Diverse (All) Learners in Schooling: Best Evidence Synthesis Iteration [BES]_. Wellington, New Zealand: Ministry of Education, New Zealand.<br>
18. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/dialogic-interactions-and-feedback/">Dialogic Interactions and Feedback</a><br>Merkel, W. (2018). Role reversals: A case study of dialogic interactions and feedback.&nbsp;_Journal of Second Language Writing, 39_, 16–28.<br>
19. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/dialogic-space-interactions/">Dialogic space interactions</a><br>Hammond, J. (2016). Dialogic space interactions between dialogic teaching and systemic functional linguistics.&nbsp;_Research Papers in Education,_&nbsp;31(1), 5-22. doi: 10.1080/02671522.2016.1106693<br>     
20. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/dialogic-teaching-in-the-primary-science/">Dialogic teaching in the primary Science classroom.</a><br>Mercer, N., Dawes, L., &amp; Staarman, J. (2009). Dialogic teaching in the primary science classroom.&nbsp;_Language and Education, 23_(4), 353-369. doi:10.1080/09500780902954273<br>  
21. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/disciplinary-literacies-language-analysis/">Disciplinary literacies across content areas: Supporting secondary reading through functional language analysis.</a><br>Fang, Z., &amp; Schleppegrell, M. J. (2010).&nbsp;_Journal of Adolescent &amp; Adult Literacy, 53_(7), 587-597. doi: 10.1598/JAAL.53.7.6<br>
22. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/disciplinary-literacy-in-elementary-school/">Disciplinary Literacy in Elementary School</a><br> Shanahan, C., &amp; Shanahan, T. (2014). Does Disciplinary Literacy Have a Place in Elementary School?&nbsp;_The Reading Teacher, 67_(8), 636–639. doi: 10.1002/trtr.1257<br>
23. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/disciplinary-literacy-21st-century-demands/">Disciplinary literacy: Redefining deep understanding and leadership for 21st-century demands.</a><br>  Piercy, T., &amp; Piercy, W. (2011). Englewood, CO: The Leadership and Learning Center.<br> 
24. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/all-about-disciplinary-literacy/">Disciplinary literacy: What you want to know about it.</a><br>Fang, Z., &amp; Coatoam, S. (2013).&nbsp;_Journal of Adolescent &amp; Adult Literacy, 56_(8), 627-632. doi: 10.1002/JAAL.190<br>
25. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/educating-next-generation-literacy-teachers/">Educating the next generation of literacy teachers</a><br>Comber, B. (2006). Pedagogy as work: Educating the next generation of literacy teachers.&nbsp;_Pedagogies,_&nbsp;1(1), 59-67.<br>
26. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/disciplines-in-secondary-literacy-teaching/">Foregrounding the disciplines in secondary literacy teaching and learning: A call for change.</a><br>Moje, E. B., (2008).&nbsp;_Journal of Adolescent &amp; Adult Literacy, 52_(2), 96-107<br>
27. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/implementation-differentiated-instruction/">Implementation of Differentiated Instruction</a><br>  Robinson, L., &amp; Maldonado, D. N. (2014, November). Perceptions about implementation of differentiated instruction. Paper presented at the Annual Mid-South Educational Research (MSERA) Conference, Knoxville, TN.<br>
28. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/improving-teacher-questioning-in-science/">Improving Teacher Questioning in Science.</a><br>Oliveira, A. (2010). Improving Teacher Questioning in Science Inquiry Discussions through Professional Development.&nbsp;_Journal of Research in Science Teaching, 47_(4), 422-453. doi 10.1002/tea.20345<br>
29. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/questioning-in-promoting-student-engagement/">Interactions between classroom discourse, teacher questioning, and student cognitive engagement in middle school science.</a><br>  Smart, J. B., &amp; Marshall, J. C. (2013).&nbsp;_Journal of Science Teacher Education, 24_(2), 249-267.<br>
30. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/literacy-learning-in-a-secondary-school/">Investigating a Disciplinary Approach to Literacy Learning in a Secondary School</a><br>Hannant, K., &amp; Jetnikoff, A. (2015). Investigating a disciplinary approach to literacy learning in a secondary school.&nbsp;_Literacy Learning: The Middle Years, 23_(3), 28-37.<br>
31. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/investigating-language-learner-strategies/">Investigating language learner strategies</a><br>  Gu, P. Y., Hu, G., &amp; Zhang, L. J. (2005). Investigating language learner strategies among lower primary school pupils in Singapore.&nbsp;_Language and Education,_&nbsp;19(4), 281-303.<br>
32. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/the-role-of-language-in-learning-history/">Learning the language of school history: The role of linguistics in mapping the writing demands of the secondary school curriculum.</a><br> Coffin, C. (2006).&nbsp;_Journal of Curriculum Studies, 38_(4), pp. 413-429.<br>
33. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/literacy-pedagogical-content-knowledge/">Literacy and language pedagogy within subject areas in years 7-11: final report</a><br>Wilson, A., Jesson, R., Rosedale, N., &amp; Cockle, V. (2012). Auckland: Auckland UniServices.<br>
34. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/literacy-pedagogical-content-knowledge/">Literacy pedagogical content knowledge</a><br> Love, K. (2010). Literacy pedagogical content knowledge in the secondary curriculum.&nbsp;_Pedagogies: An International Journal, 5_(4), 338–355. doi:/10.1080/1554480X.2010.521630<br>
35. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/integrating-writing-into-macroeconomics/">Making disciplinary writing and thinking practices an integral part of academic content teaching.</a><br>    Hunter, K., &amp; Tse, H. (2013).&nbsp;_Active Learning in Higher Education, 14_(3), 227-239.<br>
36. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/mapping-subject-specific-literacies/">Mapping subject-specific literacies</a><br> Coffin, C. (2006). Mapping subject-specific literacies.&nbsp;_NALDIC Quarterly, 3_(3), 1-16. Retrieved from: http://oro.open.ac.uk/23272/2/Mapping_subject-specific_literacies.pdf<br>
37. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/incorporating-reasoning-and-communication/">Modifying textbook exercises to incorporate reasoning and communication into the primary mathematics classroom.</a><br>Thompson, D. R. (2012). In B. Kaur &amp; T. L. Toh (Eds.),&nbsp;_Reasoning, communication and connections in mathematics: Yearbook 2012, Association of Mathematics Educators_&nbsp;(pp. 57-74). Singapore: World Scientific Publishing.<br>
38. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/multiliteracies-pedagogy-and-identities/">Multiliteracies, pedagogy and identities</a><br>Giampapa, F. (2010). Multiliteracies, pedagogy and identities: Teacher and student voices from a Toronto elementary school.&nbsp;_Canadian Journal of Education,_&nbsp;33(2), 407-431.<br>
39. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/oracy-in-mathematics/">Oracy's central role in teaching mathematics effectively to EAL students.</a><br> Daykin, A. R. (2004).&nbsp;_International Schools Journal, 23_(2), 57-66.<br> 
40. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/oral-presentations-in-maths/">Oral presentation as an alternative assessment in mathematics.</a><br>Seto, C. (2002). In D. Edge &amp; B. H. Yeap (Eds.),&nbsp;_Mathematics education for a knowledge-based era_&nbsp;(Vol. 2 Selected Papers, pp. 33-39). Singapore: Association of Mathematics Educators.<br>
41. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/out-of-classroom-experiences-for-learning/">Outside in/inside out: Bridging the gap in literacy education in Singapore classrooms.</a><br> Teo, P. (2008).&nbsp;_Language and Education, 22_(6), 411-431.<br>
42. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/reading-like-a-historian/">Reading like a historian: A document-based History curriculum intervention in urban high schools.</a><br> Reisman, A. (2012).&nbsp;_Cognition and Instruction, 30_(1), 86-112.<br>
43. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/reading-in-the-disciplines/">Reading through a disciplinary lens.</a><br>Juel, C., Hebard, H., Park-Haubner, J., &amp; Moran, M. (2010).&nbsp;_Educational Leadership_, 67, 13-17.<br>
44. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/recontextualise-reading-rethinking-teaching/">Recontextualising reading, rethinking teaching</a><br>Jones, S. A. (2012). Recontextualising reading, rethinking teaching: Reading in the English medium primary school in Singapore.&nbsp;_Education 3-13, 40_(3), 243-258.<br>
45. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/scaffolding-4th-grade-explanation-writing/">Scaffolding 4th Grade Students’ Scientific Explanation Writing</a><br>  Yang, H. T., &amp; Wang, K. H. (2014). A Teaching Model for Scaffolding 4th Grade Students’ Scientific Explanation Writing. Research in Science Education, 44(4), 531-548. doi: 10.1007/s11165-013-9392-8<br>
46. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/school-discourse/">School Discourse</a><br>Christie, F., &amp; Derewianka, B. (2010). London: Continuum.<br> 
47. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/science-language-and-young-learners/">Science, language and young learners</a><br> Ippolito, J., Condie, C., Blanchette, J., &amp; Cervoni, C. (2018). Learning science and literacy together: Professional learning that supports disciplinary literacy instruction for our youngest learners.&nbsp;_Science &amp; Children. 56_(4), 91-95.<br>
48. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/reasoning-and-communication-in-mathematics/">Some "what" strategies that advance reasoning and communication in primary mathematics classrooms.</a><br>Kaur, B. (2012). In B. Kaur &amp; T. L. Toh (Eds.),&nbsp;_Reasoning, communication and connections in mathematics: Yearbook 2012, Association of Mathematics Educators_&nbsp;(pp. 75-88). Singapore: World Scientific Publishing.<br>
49. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/multimodal-construction/">Students' multimodal construction of the work-energy concept.</a><br>    Tang, K.-S., Tan, S. C., &amp; Yeo, J. (2011).&nbsp;_International Journal of Science Education, 33_(13), 1775-1804. doi: 10.1080/09500693.2010.508899<br>
50. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/student-teacher-perceptions-self-assessment/">Students’ and teachers’ perceptions of students’ self-assessment ability</a><br>  Wong, H. M. (2014). I can assess myself: Singaporean primary students' and teachers' perceptions of students' self-assessment ability.&nbsp;_Education 3-13,_&nbsp;1-16.<br>
51. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/subject-specific-literacy-n-school-learning/">Subject-specific Literacy and School Learning</a><br> Green, B. (1988). Subject-specific Literacy and School Learning: A Focus on Writing.&nbsp;_Australian Journal of Education,_&nbsp;32(2), 156-179. doi:/10.1177/000494418803200203<br>
52. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/classroom-talk-in-secondary-social-studies/">Supporting knowledge construction and literate talk in Secondary Social Studies.</a><br>Kramer-Dahl, A., Teo, P., &amp; Chia, A. (2007).&nbsp;_Linguistics and Education, 18_(2), 167-199. doi: 10.1016/j.linged.2007.07.003<br>
53. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/supporting-middle-school-students/">Supporting middle school students with content area academic language</a><br> Townsend, D. (2015). Who’s using the language? Supporting middle school students with content area language.&nbsp;_Journal of Adolescent &amp; Adult Literacy, 58_(5), 376-287.<br>
54.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/enjoyment-and-understanding-in-science/">Talk for promoting enjoyment and developing understanding in Science.</a><br>Dawes, L., Dore, B., Loxley, P., &amp; Nichols, L. (2010). A talk focus for promoting enjoyment and developing understanding in science.&nbsp;_English Teaching: Practice and Critique, 9_(2), 99-110. Retrieved from: http://education.waikato.ac.nz/resources/files/etpc/files/2010v9n2nar1.pdf<br>
55. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/teacher-questioning-in-science-classrooms/">Teacher Questioning in Science Classrooms</a><br>Chin, C. (2007). Teacher Questioning in Science Classrooms: Approaches that Stimulate Productive Thinking.&nbsp;_Journal of Research in Science Teaching, 44_(6), 815-843.<br>
56. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/questioning-modelling-comprehension-skills/">Teachers' use of questioning and modelling comprehension skills in primary classrooms</a><br>Parker, M., &amp; Hurry, J. (2007). Teachers' use of questioning and modelling comprehension skills in primary classrooms.&nbsp;_Educational Review,_&nbsp;59(3), 299-314.<br>
57. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/teachers-concerns-about-vocabulary/">Teachers’ concerns about vocabulary in content literacy methodology textbooks.</a><br>Wood, K. D., Vintinner, J., Hill-Miller, P., Harmon, J., &amp; Hedrick, W. (2009). An investigation of teachers’ concerns about vocabulary and the representation of these concerns in content literacy methodology textbooks.&nbsp;_Reading Psychology, 30_, 319-339. doi: 10.1080/02702710802411562<br>
58. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/reading-multiple-historical-texts/">Teaching high school students to use heuristics while reading historical texts.</a><br>Nokes, J. D., Dole, J. A., &amp; Hacker, D. J. (2007).&nbsp;_Journal of Educational Psychology, 99_(3), 492-504. doi: 10.1037/0022-0663.99.3.492<br>
59. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/pedagogical-practices-document-based-lesson/">The 'Document-Based Lesson': Bringing disciplinary inquiry into high school history classrooms with adolescent struggling readers.</a><br> Reisman, A. (2012).&nbsp;_Journal of Curriculum Studies, 44:_2, 233-264.<br>
60. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/rebuttals-in-argumentation-activities/">The analysis and reconciliation of students’ rebuttals in argumentation activities</a><br>Lin, Y.-R., &amp; Hung, J.-F. (2016).&nbsp;_The analysis and reconciliation of students’ rebuttals in argumentation activities. International Journal of Science Education,_&nbsp;38(1), 130-155. doi: 10.1080/09500693.2015.1134848<br>
61. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/ict-in-learning-task-design-implementation/">The generative use of ICT in the language arts: Strategies in learning task design and implementation.</a><br>De Souza, D. E., &amp; Towndrow, P. A. (2011). In C. M. L. Ho, K. T. Anderson &amp; A. P. Leong (Eds.),&nbsp;_Transforming literacies and language: Multimodality and literacy in the new media age_&nbsp;(pp. 23-48). London: Continuum.<br>
62. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/mathematics-and-language/">The impacts of an early mathematics curriculum on oral language and literacy.</a><br> Sarama, J., Lange, A. A., Clements, D. H., &amp; Wolfe, C. B. (2012).&nbsp;_Early Childhood Research Quarterly, 27_(3), 489-502. doi: 10.1016/j.ecresq.2011.12.002<br>
63. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/language-of-different-types-of-explanations/">The language of different types of explanations in junior high school Science texts.</a><br> Unsworth, L. (2001). Evaluating the language of different types of explanations in junior high school science texts.&nbsp;_International Journal of Science Education, 23_(6), pp. 585-609. doi:10.1080/09500690010006473<br>
64. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/the-role-of-exploratory-talk-in-classroom/">The logogenesis of writing to learn: A systemic functional perspective.</a><br> Klein, P. D., &amp; Unsworth, L. (2014).&nbsp;_Linguistics and Education, 26_, 1-17.<br>
65. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/the-role-of-exploratory-talk-in-classroom/">The role of exploratory talk in classroom search engine tasks</a><br>  Knight, S., &amp; Mercer, N. (2015). The role of exploratory talk in classroom search engine tasks.&nbsp;_Technology, Pedagogy and Education,_&nbsp;24(3), 303-309. doi: 10.1080/1475939X.2014.931884<br>
66. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/dialogic-and-discourse-in-science-teaching/">The tension between authoritative and dialogic discourse: A fundamental characteristic of meaning making interactions in high school science lessons.</a><br>  Scott, P. H., Mortimer, E. F., &amp; Aguiar, O. G. (2006).&nbsp;_Science Education, 90_(4), 605-631. doi: 10.1002/sce.20131<br>
67. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/changing-classroom-discourse-patterns/">The use of classroom talk and multiple representations in teaching Science</a><br> Tang, K.-S. (2016). The interplay of representations and patterns of classroom discourse in science teaching sequences,&nbsp;_International Journal of Science Education, 38_(13), 2069-2095. doi:10.1080/09500693.2016.1218568<br>
68. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/changing-classroom-discourse-patterns/">Troubling teacher talk: The challenge of changing classroom discourse patterns.</a><br>Culican, S. J. (2007).&nbsp;_The Australian Educational Researcher, 34_(2), 7-27.<br>
69. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/talk-in-mathematics-classes-in-singapore/">Understanding classroom talk in secondary three mathematics classes in Singapore.</a><br> Hogan, D., Rahim, R. A., Chan, M., Kwek, D., &amp; Towndrow, P. (2012). In B. Kaur &amp; T. L. Toh (Eds.),&nbsp;_Reasoning, communication and connections in mathematics: Yearbook 2012, Association of Mathematics Educators_&nbsp;(pp. 169-197). Singapore: World Scientific Publishing.<br>
70. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/disciplinary-literacy-in-engineering/">Using disciplinary literacies to enhance adolescents' engineering design activity.</a><br>Wilson, A. A., Smith, E., &amp; Householder, D. L. (2014).&nbsp;_Journal of Adolescent &amp; Adult Literacy, 57_(8), 676-686.<br>
71. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/using-questioning-to-guide-student-thinking/">Using Questioning to Guide Student Thinking.</a><br>Van Zee, E., &amp; Minstrell, J. (1997). Using Questioning to Guide Student Thinking.&nbsp;_The Journal of the Learning Sciences, 6_(2), 227-269. doi: 10.1207/s15327809jls0602_3<br>
72. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/why-disciplinary-literacy/">What is disciplinary literacy and why does it matter?</a><br>Shanahan, T. &amp; Shanahan, C. (2012).&nbsp;_Topics in Language Disorders, 32_(1), 7-18.<br> 
73. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/writing-with-voiced-in-science/">Words as tools: Learning academic vocabulary as language acquisition.</a><br>  Nagy, W., &amp; Townsend, D. (2012).&nbsp;_Reading Research Quarterly, 47_(1), 91-108.<br>
74. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/learning-academic-vocabulary/">Writing voiced arguments about science topics.</a><br>Monahan, M. B. (2013).&nbsp;_Journal of Adolescent &amp; Adult Literacy, 57_(1), 31-40.</p>
		 </div>
	</li>
	<li>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<input type="checkbox" id="accordion8">
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<label for="accordion8">Vocabulary</label>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<div>
	<p>1. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/vocabulary/using-drama-in-english-language-classrooms/">'Drama is like reversing everything': Intervention research as teacher professional development.</a><br>Stinson, M. (2009).&nbsp;Research in Drama Education: The Journal of Applied Theatre and Performance, 14(2), 225-243.<br>
2. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/vocabulary/gendered-differences-in-language/">A study of gender and language in teenage personal weblogs in Singapore&nbsp;(Master's thesis)</a><br> Chionh, J. P. F. (2008). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
3. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/vocabulary/gendered-differences-in-language/">Academic conversations: Classroom talk that fosters critical thinking and content understandings.</a><br>  Zweirs, J., &amp; Crawford, M. (2011). Portland, Maine: Stenhouse Publishers.<br>
4. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/vocabulary/effect-of-morphological-instruction-on-vocabulary/">Effects of morphological instruction on vocabulary acquisition</a><br>  Zweirs, J., &amp; Crawford, M. (2011). Portland, Maine: Stenhouse Publishers.<br>  
5.  Bowers, P.N., &amp; Kerby, J.R. (2010). Effects of morphological instruction on vocabulary acquisition.&nbsp;Reading &amp; Writing&nbsp;23(5), 515-537. doi: 10.1007/s11145-009-9172-z <br>
6. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/vocabulary/vocabulary-acquisition-second-language-learners/">Identifying the vocabulary learning strategies of Singapore Primary Six students of different English language proficiencies(Master's thesis).</a><br>Tan, B. S. S. (2004). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
7. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/vocabulary/strategies-for-effective-vocabulary-learning/">Learners' use of strategies for effective vocabulary learning</a><br> Moir, J., &amp; Nation, I. S. (2002).&nbsp;Learners' use of strategies for effective vocabulary learning. Prospect,&nbsp;17(1), 15-35.<br>
8. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/vocabulary/predictors-reading-ability-for-bilingual-children/">Predictors of reading ability for bilingual children</a><br>Tan, Y. H., Poon, K. K., &amp; Rickard Liow, S. J. (2013). Predictors of reading ability in English for Mandarin-speaking bilingual children in Singapore. Early Child Development and Care, 183(10), 1420-1431.<br>
9. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/vocabulary/relation-between-exposure-language-and-vocabulary/">Relation between exposure to sophisticated and complex language and learners’ vocabulary</a><br> Gámez, P. B., &amp; Lesaux, N. K. (2012). The relation between exposure to sophisticated and complex language and early-adolescent English-only and language minority learners’ vocabulary.&nbsp;Child Development,&nbsp;83(4), 1316-1331.<br>
10. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/vocabulary/school-discourse/">School Discourse</a><br> Christie, F., &amp; Derewianka, B. (2010). London: Continuum.<br>
11. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/vocabulary/reading-comprehension-strategies/">Strategies in reading comprehension: Case studies of good and poor upper primary school readers&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br> Fadillah, M. (2006). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
12. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/vocabulary/the-role-of-vocabulary-in-reading/">The Role of Vocabulary in Reading</a><br>   Ouellette, G. P. (2006). What’s Meaning Got to Do with It: The Role of Vocabulary in Word Reading and Reading Comprehension.&nbsp;Journal of Educational Psychology, 98(3), 554-566. doi:10.1037/0022.0663.98.3.554<br>
13. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/vocabulary/the-role-of-vocabulary-in-reading-comprehension/">The role of vocabulary in reading comprehension</a><br>    Zhang, L. J., &amp; Anual, S. B. (2008). The role of vocabulary in reading comprehension: The case of secondary school students learning English in Singapore.&nbsp;RELC Journal,&nbsp;39(1), 51-76.<br>
14. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/vocabulary/using-contextual-clues-in-cloze-procedures/">The use of contextual clues in cloze procedures by Primary Six pupils in Singapore&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br>Oo, L. K. C. (2005). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
15. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/vocabulary/vocabulary-learning/">Vocabulary learning</a><br>Chilton, M. W., &amp; Ehri, L. C. (2015). Vocabulary learning: Sentence contexts linked by events in scenarios facilitate third graders’ memory for verb meanings.&nbsp;Reading Research Quarterly, 50(4), 439-458. doi: 10.1002/rrq.106<br>
16. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/vocabulary/learning-academic-vocabulary/">Words as tools: Learning academic vocabulary as language acquisition.</a><br>	Nagy, W., &amp; Townsend, D. (2012).&nbsp;Reading Research Quarterly, 47(1), 91-108.<br>
	</p>
		 </div>
	</li>
	<li>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<input type="checkbox" id="accordion9">
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<label for="accordion9">Writing and Representing</label>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<div>
	<p>1. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/literacy-and-struggling-learners/">Building a house on sand: Why disciplinary literacy is not sufficient to replace general strategies for adolescent learners who struggle.</a><br>Faggella-Luby, M. N., Graner, P. S., Deshler, D. D., &amp; Drew, S. V. (2012).&nbsp;_Topics in Language Disorders, 32_(1), 69-84.<br>
2. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/drama-in-english-language-classrooms/">'Drama is like reversing everything': Intervention research as teacher professional development.</a><br>Stinson, M. (2009).&nbsp;_Research in Drama Education: The Journal of Applied Theatre and Performance, 14_(2), 225-243.<br> 
3. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/functional-approach-improve-coherence/">A functional approach to the teaching of coherence in argumentative writing&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br>  Lum, W. K. B. (2006). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br> 
4. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/improving-writing-skills/">A literature-driven English programme's effectiveness in improving the writing skills of Grade 7 Singaporean students.</a><br> Pereira, M. D. (2010).&nbsp;_English in Education, 44_(3), 231-251.<br>
5.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/teaching-critical-reading-writing/">A project for teaching critical reading and writing</a><br>Teo, P. (2014). Making the familiar strange and the strange familiar: a project for teaching critical reading and writing.&nbsp;_Language and Education, 28_(6), 539-551. doi:10.1080/09500782.2014.921191<br>
6.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/literacy-in-content-areas/">A social semiotics framework for conceptualizing content area literacies.</a><br>Wilson, A. A., (2011).&nbsp;_Journal of Adolescent &amp; Adult Literacy, 54_(6), 435-444.<br> 
7. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/gendered-differences-in-language/">A study of gender and language in teenage personal weblogs in Singapore&nbsp;(Master's thesis)</a><br>Chionh, J. P. F. (2008). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
8. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/argumentation-as-core-curriculum/">Argumentation as core curriculum</a><br> Kuhn, D., &amp; Moore, M. (2015).&nbsp;_Argumentation as core curriculum. Learning: Research and Practice,_&nbsp;1(1), 66-78. doi: 10.1080/23735082.2015.994254<br>
9. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/argumentation-online-forum-discussion/">Argumentation in students’ online forum discussion</a><br>Chandrasegaran, A., &amp; Kong, K. M. C. (2006). Stance-taking and stance-support in students’ online forum discussion.&nbsp;_Linguistics, 17_(3), 374-390.<br>
10. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/writing-in-archaeology/">Asking Pompeii questions: A co-operative approach to writing in the disciplines.</a><br>  Somerville, E. M., &amp; Creme, P. (2005).&nbsp;_Teaching in Higher Education, 10_(1), 17 - 28.<br>
11. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/assessing-student-writing-on-tablet/">Assessing student writing on tablets</a><br>  Davis, L. L., Orr, A., Kong, X., &amp; Lin, C.-H. (2015). Assessing student writing on tablets.&nbsp;_Educational Assessment, 20_(3), 180-198.<br>
12. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/evaluation-of-teaching-and-strategies/">Assessing the effects of explicit teaching of text structure and planning and revising strategies on primary two students' narrative texts&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br>  Long, M. Y. (2002). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
13. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/building-literacy-communities/">Building literacy communities of practice across subject disciplines in secondary schools.</a><br>  Wright, N. (2007).&nbsp;_Language and Education, 21_(5), 420-433.<br>
14. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/effective-feedback-for-student-revision/">Characteristics of teacher written feedback on student revision&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br>    Lee, S. Y. S. (2003). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/.<br>
15.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/impact-of-poverty-on-literacy/">Children as researchers: What we can learn from them about the impact of poverty on literacy opportunities?</a><br> Kellett, M. (2009).&nbsp;_International Journal of Inclusive Educational Leadership, 13_(4), 395-408. doi: 10.1080/10236240802106606.<br> 
16. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/impact-implementing-multimodal-literacy/">Design and implementation of a student-generated virtual museum in a language curriculum to enhance collaborative multimodal meaning-making.</a><br> Ho, C. M. L., Nelson, M. E., &amp; M-eller-Wittig, W. (2011).&nbsp;_Computers &amp; Education, 57_(1), 1083-1097.<br>
17. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/developing-motivation-to-write/">Developing motivation to write</a><br> Ho, C.  Bruning, R., &amp; Horn, C. (2000). Developing motivation to write.&nbsp;_Educational Psychologist, 35_(1), 25-37.<br>
18.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/developing-writing-pedagogy-community/">Developing writing pedagogy in a teacher professional learning community</a><br>Pella, S. (2011). A situative perspective on developing writing pedagogy in a teacher professional learning community.&nbsp;_Teacher Education Quarterly, 38,_&nbsp;107-125.<br>
19. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/dialogic-interactions-and-feedback/">Dialogic Interactions and Feedback</a><br>Merkel, W. (2018). Role reversals: A case study of dialogic interactions and feedback.&nbsp;_Journal of Second Language Writing, 39_, 16–28.<br>
20. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/digital-storytelling-as-powerful-tool/">Digital storytelling as a powerful technological tool for teacher and student engagement</a><br>Robin, B. R. (2008). Digital storytelling: A powerful technology tool for the 21st century classroom.&nbsp;_Theory into Practice_,&nbsp;_47_(3), 220-228.<br>
21. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/digital-storytelling-as-powerful-tool/">Disciplinary literacy: What you want to know about it.</a><br>Fang, Z., &amp; Coatoam, S. (2013).&nbsp;_Journal of Adolescent &amp; Adult Literacy, 56_(8), 627-632. doi: 10.1002/JAAL.190<br>
22. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/effect-explicit-instruction-in-writing/">Effect of explicit instruction of paragraph writing strategies on PRC students' expository writing(Master's thesis).</a><br>  Pung, Y. M. E. (2005). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
23. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/efficacy-of-explicit-teaching-writing/">Effect of explicit teaching of character development in narrative writing&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br>   Yeo, S. C. (2002). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
24.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/efficacy-of-explicit-teaching-writing/">Evaluative expressions in analytical arguments</a><br> Wu, S. M., &amp; Desmond, A. (2005). Evaluative expressions in analytical arguments: Aspects of appraisal in assigned English language essays.&nbsp;_Journal of Applied Linguistics_,&nbsp;_2_(1), 105-127. Retrieved from &lt; a href="http://www.equinoxpub.com/journals/index.php/JALPP/article/view/18194/14409"&gt;<br>
25. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/argumentative-writing-across-curriculum/">Explicit teaching of argumentative writing in upper primary social studies lessons&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br> Neo, B. (2004). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
26. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/feedback-to-writing-assessment/">Feedback to writing, assessment for teaching and learning and student progress</a><br> Parr, J. M., &amp; Timperley, H. S. (2010). Feedback to writing, assessment for teaching and learning and student progress.&nbsp;_Assessing Writing_,&nbsp;_15_(2), 68-85.<br> 
27. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/metacognitive-awareness-in-kindergarten/">Growth of Metacognitive Awareness in Kindergarten Children through Writing</a><br>Jacobs, G. M. (2004). A Classroom Investigation of the Growth of Metacognitive Awareness in Kindergarten Children through the Writing Process.&nbsp;_Early Childhood Education Journal, 32_&nbsp;(1), 17-23.<br>
28. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/biliteracy-differences/">Home biliteracy practices and biliteracy acquisition: A comparative study of Singaporean Chinese families and recent immigrant families from China&nbsp;(Doctoral dissertation).</a><br> Li, R. (2012). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
29. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/implementing-self-regulated-strategy/">Implementing self-regulated strategy development</a><br>Harris, K. R., Lane, K. L., Driscoll, S. A., Graham, S., Wilson, K., Sandmel, K., Brindle, M., &amp; Schatschneider, C. (2012). Tier 1, teacher-implemented self-regulated strategy development for students with and without behavioral challenges: A randomized controlled trial.&nbsp;_Elementary School Journal, 113_(2), 160-191.<br>
30. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/improving-english-language-teaching/">Improving English language teaching through lesson study</a><br>Goh, R., &amp; Fang, Y. (2017). Improving English language teaching through lesson study: Case study of teacher learning in a Singapore primary school grade level team.&nbsp;_International Journal for Lesson and Learning Studies, 6_(2), 135-150. doi: 10.1108/IJLLS-11-2015-0037<br>
31. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/improving-effectiveness-peer-feedback/">Improving the effectiveness of peer feedback for learning</a><br>  Gielen, S., Peeters, E., Dochy, F., Onghena, P., &amp; Struyven, K. (2010). Improving the effectiveness of peer feedback for learning.&nbsp;_Learning and Instruction, 20_(4), 304-315.<br>
32. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/improving-writing-and-knowledge-writers/">Improving the writing and knowledge of emergent writers</a><br>Zumbrunn, S., &amp; Bruning, R. (2013). Improving the writing and knowledge of emergent writers: The effects of self-regulated strategy development.&nbsp;_Reading &amp; Writing, 26_(1), 91-110. doi: 10.1007/s11145-012-9384-5.<br>
33. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/efficacy-regulation-of-reading-writing/">Influencing children’s self-efficacy and self-regulation of reading and writing</a><br> Schunk, D. H., &amp; Zimmerman, B. J. (2007). Influencing children's self-efficacy and self-regulation of reading and writing through modeling.&nbsp;_Reading &amp; Writing Quarterly_,&nbsp;_23_(1), 7-25.<br>
34. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/innovating-through-lesson-study/">Innovating the Singapore English language curriculum through lesson study</a><br> Tan-Chia, L., Fang, Y., &amp; Ang, P. C. (2013). Innovating the Singapore English language curriculum through lesson study.&nbsp;_International Journal for Lesson and Learning Studies, 2_(3), 256-280.<br>
35. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/instructional-rubrics/">Instructional rubrics</a><br>Sundeen, T. H. (2014). Instructional rubrics: Effects of presentation options on writing quality.&nbsp;_Assessing Writing_, 21, 74-88. doi: 10.1016/j.asw.2014.03.003<br>
36. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/investigating-disciplinary-approach/">Investigating a Disciplinary Approach to Literacy Learning in a Secondary School</a><br> Hannant, K., &amp; Jetnikoff, A. (2015). Investigating a disciplinary approach to literacy learning in a secondary school.&nbsp;_Literacy Learning: The Middle Years, 23_(3), 28-37.<br>
37. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/investigating-learner-strategies/">Investigating language learner strategies</a><br> Gu, P. Y., Hu, G., &amp; Zhang, L. J. (2005). Investigating language learner strategies among lower primary school pupils in Singapore.&nbsp;_Language and Education,_&nbsp;19(4), 281-303.<br>
38. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/critical-language-awareness/">Is there a place for critical language awareness in the teaching of Business English to polytechnic students in Singapore?(Master's thesis).</a><br> Kan, H. K. (2010). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
39. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/learning-study-as-approach-development/">Learning study as an approach to teacher development</a><br> Siu, I. Y. M. (2008). Learning study as an approach to teacher development in two primary schools. The Asia-Pacific Education Researcher, 17(1), 99–108.<br>
40. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/subject-literacy/the-role-of-language-in-learning-history/">Learning the language of school history: The role of linguistics in mapping the writing demands of the secondary school curriculum.</a><br>Coffin, C. (2006).&nbsp;_Journal of Curriculum Studies, 38_(4), pp. 413-429.<br>
41. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/literacy-for-the-future/">Literacy for the future.</a><br> Palmer, S. (2003).&nbsp;_Education Review, 16_(2), 70-74.<br>
42. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/integrating-writing-into-macroeconomics/">Making disciplinary writing and thinking practices an integral part of academic content teaching.</a><br>Hunter, K., &amp; Tse, H. (2013).&nbsp;_Active Learning in Higher Education, 14_(3), 227-239.<br>
43. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/moblogging-in-science-classrooms/">Mobile blogging in primary science in Singapore: A linguistic perspective&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br> Lee, Q. Y. S. (2010). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
44. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/motivating-struggling-reader-writer/">Motivating struggling readers and writers</a><br>Casey, H. K. (2008). Engaging the disengaged: Using learning clubs to motivate struggling adolescent readers and writers.&nbsp;_Journal of Adolescent &amp; Adult Literacy, 52_(4), 284-294. doi: 10.1598/JAAL.52.4.2<br>
45. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/critiquing-newspaper-commentary-article/">Newspaper literacy: An investigation of how Singaporean students read the Straits Times.</a><br>Koh, A. (2004).&nbsp;_English Teaching: Practice and Critique, 3_(3), 43-60.<br>
46.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/oracy-in-a-japanese-kindergarten/">Oracy and literacy practices in a Japanese kindergarten: A theoretical examination.</a><br>Shirakawa, Y., &amp; Iwahama, R. (2009).&nbsp;_Early Child Development and Care, 179_(5), 587-594. doi: 10.1080/03004430701379371<br>
47. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/oracy-and-language-learning/">Oracy: Social facets of language learning.</a><br> Saracho, O. N., &amp; Spodek, B. (2007).&nbsp;_Early Child Development and Care, 177_(6-7), 695-705. doi: 10.1080/03004430701377540<br>
48. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/spoken-skills-as-empowerment/">Orienting oracy: Empowerment or enslavement.</a><br>Ferst, P. (1999).&nbsp;_Journal of Further and Higher Education, 23_(2), 257-267. doi: 10.1080/0309877990230209<br> 
49. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/peer-n-teacher-feedback-on-writing/">Peer and teacher feedback on student writing</a><br> Peterson, S. S., &amp; Portier, C. (2014). Grade one peer and teacher feedback on student writing.&nbsp;_Education 3-13, 42_(3), 237-257. doi: 10.1080/03004279.2012.670256<br>
50. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/picture-books-as-mentor-texts/">Picture Books as Mentor Texts for 10th Grade Struggling Writers</a><br>Premont, D. W., Young, T. A., Wilcox, B., Dean, D., &amp; Morrison, T. G. (2017). Picture Books as Mentor Texts for 10th Grade Struggling Writers.&nbsp;_Literacy Research and Instruction, 56_(4), 290-310. doi: 10.1080/19388071.2017.1338803li<br>
51. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/praise-and-criticism-in-feedback/">Praise and criticism in written feedback</a><br>Hyland, F., &amp; Hyland, K. (2001). Sugaring the pill: Praise and criticism in written feedback.&nbsp;_Journal of Second Language Writing, 10_(3), 185-212.<br> 
52. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/the-impact-of-classroom-practices/">Predicting Singapore students' achievement goals in their English study: Self-construal and classroom goal structure.</a><br>Luo, W., Hogan, D., &amp; Paris, S. G. (2011).&nbsp;_Learning and Individual Differences, 21_(5), 526-535.<br>
53. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/putting-rubrics-to-the-test/">Putting rubrics to the test: The effect of a model, criteria generation, and rubric-referenced self-assessment on elementary school students' writing.</a><br>Andrade, H. L., Du, Y., &amp; Wang, X. (2008).&nbsp;_Educational Measurement: Issues and Practice, 27_(2), 3-13.<br>
54. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/reflexive-writers/">Reflexive writers</a><br>Ryan, M. (2014). Reflexive writers: Re-thinking writing development and assessment in schools.&nbsp;_Assessing Writing, 22,_&nbsp;60-74.<br>
55. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/school-discourse/">School Discourse</a><br>Christie, F., &amp; Derewianka, B. (2010). London: Continuum.<br>
56. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/science-language-and-young-learners/">Science, language and young learners</a><br>Ippolito, J., Condie, C., Blanchette, J., &amp; Cervoni, C. (2018). Learning science and literacy together: Professional learning that supports disciplinary literacy instruction for our youngest learners.&nbsp;_Science &amp; Children. 56_(4), 91-95.<br>
57. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/using-online-discussion-stance-support/">Secondary school students' stance-support strategies in online discussion: Implications for the composition classroom.</a><br>Chandrasegaran, A. (2006).&nbsp;_English in Education, 40_(2), 22-39.<br>
58. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/efficacy-beliefs-motivation-achievement/">Self-efficacy beliefs, motivation, and achievement</a><br>Pajares, F. (2003). Self-efficacy beliefs, motivation, and achievement in writing: A review of the literature.&nbsp;_Reading &amp; Writing Quarterly, 19_(2), 139-158.<br> 
59. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/strategy-based-writing-instruction/">Strategy-based writing instruction</a><br> Bai, B. (2015). The effects of strategy-based writing instruction in Singapore primary schools.&nbsp;_System, 53,_&nbsp;96-106.<br>
60. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/ict/perceptions-of-integrating-wiki-technology-peer-feedback/">Students' perceptions of integrating Wiki technology and peer feedback into English writing</a><br>Lin, W., &amp; Yang, S. C. (2011). Exploring students' perceptions of integrating Wiki technology and peer feedback into English writing courses.&nbsp;_English Teaching: Practice and Critique, 10_(2), 88-103.<br>
61. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/classroom-talk-secondary-social-studies/">Supporting knowledge construction and literate talk in Secondary Social Studies.</a><br>Kramer-Dahl, A., Teo, P., &amp; Chia, A. (2007).&nbsp;_Linguistics and Education, 18_(2), 167-199. doi: 10.1016/j.linged.2007.07.003<br>
62. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/content-area-academic-language/">Supporting middle school students with content area academic language</a><br>Townsend, D. (2015). Who’s using the language? Supporting middle school students with content area language.&nbsp;_Journal of Adolescent &amp; Adult Literacy, 58_(5), 376-287.<br>
63. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/teacher-feedback-student-revisions/">Teacher feedback and student revisions</a><br> Silver, R., &amp; Lee, S. (2007). What does it take to make a change.&nbsp;_English Teaching: Practice and Critique,_&nbsp;6(1), 25-49. Retrieved from http://education.waikato.ac.nz/resources/files/etpc/2007v6n1art.pdf<br>
64. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/teach-learn-argumentative-read-writing/">Teaching and learning argumentative reading and writing</a><br>Newell, G. E., Beach, R., Smith J., &amp; VanDerHeide, J. (2011). Teaching and learning argumentative reading and writing: A review of research.&nbsp;_Reading Research Quarterly_,&nbsp;_46_(3), 273-304.<br>
65. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/argumentative-writing-primary-level/">Teaching argumentative writing at the primary level</a><br> Koh, G. H. (2002). Teaching argumentative writing at the primary level. Review of Educational Research and Advances for Classroom Teachers, 21(1), 57-68.<br>
66. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/listening-and-viewing/pedagogical-of-document-based-lesson/">The 'Document-Based Lesson': Bringing disciplinary inquiry into high school history classrooms with adolescent struggling readers.</a><br>Reisman, A. (2012).&nbsp;_Journal of Curriculum Studies, 44:_2, 233-264.<br>
67.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/development-of-young-writers/">The development of young writers in an English classroom</a><br> Bali, R. (2015). The development of young writers in an English classroom: Opening up dialogue with Year 8 students.&nbsp;_Changing English,_&nbsp;22(2), 176-188.<br>
68. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/construction-of-scientific-knowledge/">The logogenesis of writing to learn: A systemic functional perspective.</a><br>  Klein, P. D., &amp; Unsworth, L. (2014).&nbsp;_Linguistics and Education, 26_, 1-17.<br>
69.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/writing-strategies-english-proficiency/">The relationship between use of writing strategies and English proficiency</a><br>  Bai, R., Hu, G., &amp; Gu, P. (2014). The relationship between use of writing strategies and English proficiency in Singapore primary schools.&nbsp;_Asia-Pacific Education Researcher_&nbsp;23(3), 355-365. doi: 10.1007/s40299-013-0110-0<br>
70. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/student-motivation-and-learning/">The role of self-efficacy, task value, and achievement goals in predicting learning strategies, task disengagement, peer relationship, and achievement outcome.</a><br>Liem, A. D., Lau, S., &amp; Nie, Y. (2008).&nbsp;_Contemporary Educational Psychology, 33_(4), 486-512.<br>
71. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/effect-of-explicit-grammar-instruction/">The short-and long-term effect of explicit grammar instruction on fifth graders’ writing</a><br>Feng, S., &amp; Powers, K. (2005). The short- and long-term effect of explicit grammar instruction on fifth graders’ writing.&nbsp;_Reading Improvement,_&nbsp;42(2), 67-72.<br>
72.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/blogs-for-writing-online-journals/">The use of blogs for writing of online journals</a><br> Nair, S. S., Tay, L. Y., &amp; Koh, J. L. (2013). Students' motivation and teachers' teaching practices towards the use of blogs for writing of online journals.&nbsp;_Educational Media International,_&nbsp;50(2), 108-119.<br>
73. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/efficacy-matrix-ideational-frameworks/">The value of ideational frameworks for helping upper secondary students in their summary writing tasks&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br>  Poh, S. K. (2005). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
74. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/scoring-rubrics-for-assessment-purposes/">Use of scoring rubrics for formative assessment purposes</a><br> Panadero, E., &amp; Jonsson, A. (2013). The use of scoring rubrics for formative assessment purposes revisited: A review.&nbsp;_Educational Research Review, 9_, 129-144.<br>
75.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/using-argument-for-science-literacy/">Using argument as tool for science literacy</a><br>Washburn, E., &amp; Cavagnetto, A. (2013). Using argument as a tool for integrating science and literacy. The Reading Teacher, 67(2), 127-136.<br>
76. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/corpus-based-material-as-a-resource/">Using corpus-based materials as a teaching resource for the teaching of prepositions in a Singapore primary school(Master's thesis)</a><br>Ang, M. L. (2007). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
77. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/disciplinary-literacy-engineering/">Using disciplinary literacies to enhance adolescents' engineering design activity.</a><br>Wilson, A. A., Smith, E., &amp; Householder, D. L. (2014).&nbsp;_Journal of Adolescent &amp; Adult Literacy, 57_(8), 676-686.<br>
78. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/alternative-strategies-in-mathematics/">Using journal writing and oral presentation as alternative assessment strategies in mathematics instruction: An empirical study in Singapore secondary schools&nbsp;(Doctoral dissertation).</a><br>  Yeo, S. M. (2008). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
79. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/writer-workshop-vs-writing-prompts/">Writer’s workshop vs writing prompts</a><br>Carroll, S., &amp; Feng, J. (2010, October). Writer’s workshop vs writing prompts: The effect on first graders’ writing ability and attitude towards writing. Paper presented at the 2010 Annual Meeting of the Georgia Educational Research Association, Savannah, GA. Retrieved from https://eric.ed.gov/contentdelivery/servlet/ERICServlet?accno=ED533063<br>
80. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/writing-development-for-low-achievers/">Writing as literacy development for low achievers: The case of a neighbourhood school in Singapore(Unpublished doctoral dissertation).</a><br> Lee, N. F. R. (2012). University of Auckland, Auckland, New Zealand.<br> 
81. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/writing-strategies-skills-knowledge/">Writing Strategies, Skills, and Knowledge</a><br> De La Paz, S., &amp; Graham, S. (2002). Explicitly Teaching Strategies, Skills, and Knowledge: Writing Instruction in Middle School Classrooms.&nbsp;_Journal of Educational Psychology, 94_(4), 687-698. doi: 10.1037//0022-0663.94.4.687<br>
82. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-and-representing/writing-with-voiced-in-science/">Writing voiced arguments about science topics.</a><br>Monahan, M. B. (2013).&nbsp;_Journal of Adolescent &amp; Adult Literacy, 57_(1), 31-40.<br>
83. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/writing-representing/writing-using-types-of-genre-knowledge/">Writing with peer response using different types of genre knowledge</a><br>Hoogeveen, M., &amp; van Gelderen, A. (2016). Writing with peer response using different types of genre knowledge: Effects on linguistic features and revisions of sixth-grade writers.&nbsp;_The Journal of Educational Research,_&nbsp;1-15. doi: 10.1080/0220671.2016.1190913</p>
		 </div>
	</li>
	<li>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<input type="checkbox" id="accordion10">
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<label for="accordion10">Other</label>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<div>
	<p>1. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/comparison-of-lexical-patterns-in-classroom-discourse/">A comparison of lexical bundles (sic) patterns in Singapore primary five English language and Science classroom discourse and textbooks&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br>Farnaz, R. M. (2010). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br>
2. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/secondary-students-language-anxiety/">A study of secondary three students' language anxiety&nbsp;(Master's thesis).</a><br>Han, L. Y. (2003). Retrieved from http://libris.nie.edu.sg/<br> 
3. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/integrated-approach-to-teaching-literature/">An Integrated Approach to Teaching Literature in an EFL Classroom.</a><br> Yimwilai, S. (2015). An integrated approach to teaching Literature in an EFL classroom.&nbsp;_English Language Teaching, 8_(2), 14-21. doi: 10.5539/elt.v8n2p14<br>
4. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/benefits-and-concerns-of-lesson-study/">Benefits and concerns of lesson study</a><br>  Lee, J. F. K. (2008). A Hong Kong case of lesson study—Benefits and concerns.&nbsp;_Teaching and Teacher Education_, 24(5), 1115-1124.<br>
5. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/building-teachers-creative-capabilities/">Building teachers' creative capabilities in Singapore's English classrooms</a><br>Kwek, D., Albright, J., &amp; Kramer-Dahl, A. (2007). Building teachers' creative capabilities in Singapore's English classrooms: a way of contesting pedagogical instrumentality.&nbsp;_Literacy, 41_(2), 71-78. doi:10.1111/j.1467-9345.2007.00460.x<br>
6. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/challenges-confronting-teachers-of-english-language/">Challenges confronting teachers of English language learners</a><br> Khong, T. D. H., &amp; Saito, E. (2014). Challenges confronting teachers of English language learners. Educational Review, 66(2), 210-225. doi:10.1080/00131911.2013.769425<br>
7.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/language-ideologies-and-practices-in-families/">Conflicting language ideologies and contradictory language practices in Singaporean multilingual families</a><br> Curdt-Christiansen, X. L. (2016). Conflicting language ideologies and contradictory language practices in Singaporean multilingual families.&nbsp;_Journal of Multilingual and Multicultural Development, 37_(7), 694-709. doi: org/10.1080/01434632.2015.1127926<br>
8. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/creative-tensions-in-teaching-new-texts-literacies/">Creative tensions in teaching new texts and new literacies</a><br>Matthewman, S., Blight, A., &amp; Davies, C. (2004). What does multimodality mean for English? Creative tensions in teaching new texts and new literacies.&nbsp;_Education, Communication &amp; Information,_&nbsp;4(1), 153-176.<br>
9. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/beliefs-about-literacy-development/">Early childhood teachers' beliefs about literacy development</a><br>Lim, C., &amp; Torr, J. (2007). Singaporean early childhood teachers' beliefs about literacy development in a multilingual context.&nbsp;_Asia__‐__Pacific Journal of Teacher Education_,&nbsp;_35_(4), 409-434.<br>
10. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/educating-the-next-generation-of-literacy-teachers/">Educating the next generation of literacy teachers</a><br> Comber, B. (2006). Pedagogy as work: Educating the next generation of literacy teachers.&nbsp;_Pedagogies,_&nbsp;1(1), 59-67.<br>
11. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/beliefs-about-the-teaching-of-grammar/">English language teachers’ beliefs about the teaching of grammar</a><br>Farrell, T. S., &amp; Lim, P. C. P. (2005). Conceptions of grammar teaching: A case study of teachers’ beliefs and classroom practices.&nbsp;_TESL-EJ, 9_(2), 1-13.<br>
12. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/factors-that-affect-emergent-literacy-development/">Factors that affect emergent literacy development when engaging with electronic books</a><br> Salmon, L. G. (2014). Factors that Affect Emergent Literacy Development When Engaging with Electronic Books.&nbsp;_Early Childhood Education Journal, 42_(2), 85-92. doi: 10.1007/s10643-013-0589-2<br>
13. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/implementation-of-differentiated-instruction/">Implementation of Differentiated Instruction</a><br>Robinson, L., &amp; Maldonado, D. N. (2014, November). Perceptions about implementation of differentiated instruction. Paper presented at the Annual Mid-South Educational Research (MSERA) Conference, Knoxville, TN.<br>
14. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/implementing-dialogic-teaching-in-classroom/">Implementing dialogic teaching in a Singapore English language classroom</a><br>Lee, R. (2016). Implementing dialogic teaching in a Singapore English Language classroom.&nbsp;_RELC Journal._&nbsp;doi: 10.1177/0033688216631171<br>
15. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/improving-english-language-teaching/">Improving English language teaching through lesson study</a><br>Goh, R., &amp; Fang, Y. (2017). Improving English language teaching through lesson study: Case study of teacher learning in a Singapore primary school grade level team.&nbsp;_International Journal for Lesson and Learning Studies, 6_(2), 135-150. doi: 10.1108/IJLLS-11-2015-0037<br>
16. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/improving-effectiveness-of-peer-feedback-for-learning/">Improving the effectiveness of peer feedback for learning</a><br>Gielen, S., Peeters, E., Dochy, F., Onghena, P., &amp; Struyven, K. (2010). Improving the effectiveness of peer feedback for learning.&nbsp;_Learning and Instruction, 20_(4), 304-315.<br> 
17. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/innovating-the-singapore-english-language-curriculum/">Innovating the Singapore English Language curriculum through lesson study</a><br>Tan-Chia, L., Fang, Y., &amp; Ang, P. C. (2013). Innovating the Singapore English Language curriculum through lesson study.&nbsp;_International Journal for Lesson and Learning Studies, 2_(3), 256-280. doi: 10.1108/IJLLS-03-2013-0017<br>
18. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/use-of-strategies-for-effective-vocabulary-learning/">Learners' use of strategies for effective vocabulary learning</a><br>Moir, J., &amp; Nation, I. S. (2002).&nbsp;_Learners' use of strategies for effective vocabulary learning. Prospect,_&nbsp;17(1), 15-35.<br>
19. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/learning-from-a-learning-study/">Learning from a Learning Study</a><br>  Adamson, B., &amp; Walker, E. (2011).&nbsp;_Messy collaboration: Learning from a Learning Study. Teaching and Teacher Education, 27(1)_, 29-36. doi:&nbsp;http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.tate.2010.06.024<br>
20.  <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/lesson-study-for-teacher-development-in-singapore/">Lesson study for teacher development in Singapore</a><br> Lim, C., Lee, C., Saito, E., &amp; Syed Haron, S. (2011). Taking stock of Lesson Study as a platform for teacher development in Singapore.&nbsp;_Asia-Pacific Journal of Teacher Education, 39_(4), 353-365. doi: 10.1080/1359866X.2011.614683<br>
21. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/lesson-study-teacher-led-professional-development/">Lesson study: Teacher-led professional development in literacy instruction.</a><br> Hurd, J., &amp; Licciardo-Musso, L. (2005). Lesson study: Teacher-led professional development in literacy instruction.&nbsp;_Language Arts, 82_(5), 388-395.<br>
22. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/lesson-transitions-to-group-work-in-primary-classroom/">Lesson study: Teacher-led professional development in literacy instruction.</a><br>Lwin, S. M., Goh, C., &amp; Doyle, P. (2012). ‘I’m going to split you all up’: Examining transitions to group/pair work in two primary English classrooms.&nbsp;_Language and Education_,&nbsp;_26_(1), 19-33.<br>
23.<a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/multiliteracies-pedagogy-and-identities/">Multiliteracies, pedagogy and identities</a><br>Giampapa, F. (2010). Multiliteracies, pedagogy and identities: Teacher and student voices from a Toronto elementary school.&nbsp;_Canadian Journal of Education,_&nbsp;33(2), 407-431.<br>
24. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/practitioner-research/">Practitioner research</a><br>Cochran-Smith, M. &amp; Lytle, S. L. (2009). Inquiry as Stance - Practitioner research for the next generation. New York, NY: Teachers College Press.<br>
25. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/regulative-discourse/">Regulative discourse in Singapore primary English classrooms</a><br>Liu, Y., &amp; Hong, H. (2009). Regulative discourse in Singapore primary English classrooms: Teachers' choices of directives.&nbsp;_Language and Education, 23_(1), 1-13. doi:10.1080/09500780802152812)<br> 
26. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/relations-between-teacher-questioning-student-talk/">Relations between teacher questioning and student talk in one elementary ELL classroom</a><br>  Boyd, M. P. (2015). Relations between teacher questioning and student talk in one elementary ELL classroom.&nbsp;_Journal of Literacy Research, 47_(3), 370-404.<br>
27. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/standardized-achievement-tests-and-language-learners/">Standardized achievement tests and English language learners</a><br>Abedi, J. (2002). Standardized achievement tests and English language learners: Psychometrics issues.&nbsp;_Educational Assessment_, 8(3), 231-257.<br>
28. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/sustainability-of-impact-of-action-research/">Sustainability of Impact of Action Research</a><br>Edwards, E., &amp; Burns, A. (2016). Language teacher action research: Achieving sustainability. ELT Journal, 70 (1): 6–15. doi: https://doi.org/10.1093/elt/ccv060<br>
29. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/use-of-questioning-and-modelling-comprehension-skills/">Teachers' use of questioning and modelling comprehension skills in primary classrooms</a><br>Parker, M., &amp; Hurry, J. (2007). Teachers' use of questioning and modelling comprehension skills in primary classrooms.&nbsp;_Educational Review,_&nbsp;59(3), 299-314.<br>
30. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/use-of-questioning-and-modelling-comprehension-skills/">Teachers' use of questioning and modelling comprehension skills in primary classrooms</a><br> Miller, J. (2011). Teachers’ work in culturally and linguistically diverse schools.&nbsp;_Teachers and Teaching_, 17(4), 451-466.<br>
31. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/impact-of-embedded-grammar-teaching-on-students/">The impact of embedded grammar teaching on students’ writing and students’ metalinguistic understanding</a><br>  Myhill, D. A., Jones, S. M., Lines, H., &amp; Watson, A. (2012). Re-thinking grammar: The impact of embedded grammar teaching on students’ writing and students’ metalinguistic understanding.&nbsp;_Research Papers in Education, 27_(2), 139-166. doi:10.1080/02671522.2011.637640<br>
32. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/impact-of-embedded-grammar-teaching-on-students/">The syntactic influences of Chinese and Malay on the learning of English in Singapore</a><br>Tan, C. (2005). English or Singlish? The syntactic influences of Chinese and Malay on the learning of English in Singapore.&nbsp;_Journal of Language and Learning,_&nbsp;3(1), 156-179.<br>
33. <a href="/elis/resources/read/research-summaries/others/impact-of-embedded-grammar-teaching-on-students/">Word Knowledge in a Theory of Reading Comprehension</a><br>Perfetti, C. &amp; Stafura, J. (2014). Word Knowledge in a Theory of Reading Comprehension. Scientific Studies of Reading, 18(1), 22-37. doi: 10.1080/10888438.2013.827687</p>
		 </div>
	</li>
</ul>