---
title: The Past, The Present and The Future
permalink: /elis/learning-communities/swi-alumni/swi-continuity-activities/the-past-the-present-and-the-future/
description: ""
third_nav_title: 2015   In the Civic District
---
By Sakunthalai Surian

Ending the morning walk at the Quarters with a group of writing comrades and a cappuccino, I reflected on the morning that was well spent, walking and musing along the pride of Singapore, the Padang, the old City Hall, and the Victoria Memorial Hall. It is a luxury that a teacher can only afford only during term breaks. Life’s little pleasures, they say. Indeed! How many times can we stop to take stock of our lives and savour the beauty that surrounds us? The greenery, the birds sitting on the buildings like they owned the place and the intricate sculptures that were erected during the colonial period are resplendent with their own brand of beauty. Yet, they had their fair share of sad tales to tell.

As I was walking towards the Cricket Club, the grand dame, the old City Hall who was getting a facelift in time for the celebration of the nation’s 50thbirthday, greeted me. So stately, so majestic, she was a representation of what colonial Singapore was in the past. The God of Justice is holding the balance. Ironically, was justice done to the citizens of Singapore then? Made to look like second class citizens was bad enough, much less working for the colonials and deprived of basic luxuries that were accorded to humanity. But it took an ordinary man with extraordinary powers to ensure our freedom from the clutches of the colonial masters. It was here that self-governance was declared in 1959; it was here that the citizens of Singapore saw the national flag flying high after three years of the sun-blazing flag. And it was in front of this Grand Dame that many a soldier marched past on National Day with their faces beaming with pride. Yet the man who made it possible is now fighting for his life in the hospital. Just like the Grand Dame, we want Mr Lee Kuan Yew to witness the nation’s 50thbirthday as he, the Founding Father of modern Singapore was responsible for shaping the future of nation. What would be the future of this little red dot if not for him?

The City Hall has many stories to tell. Etched on the face of the Grand Dame are the carvings of life in 1800s – the coolies, the wallahs, the horse carts, the indigenous Malay, all of whom made Singapore their home. Looking beyond this stately monument, one sees the hard work of the coolies, the jailbirds who were tasked to create her. Now everyone looks at her with awe, taking snapshots of her. Yet did you not notice two birds sitting on her shoulders taking respite from the blazing sun that beats on their back? Are they aware of who she is and what she stands for?